open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/sand1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/sand1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/sand1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/sand1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/sand1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/sand1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/sand1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/sand1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/sand1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/sand1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/dfloor1_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/dfloor1_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/dfloor1_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/dfloor1_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/dfloor1_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/dfloor1_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/dfloor1_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/dfloor1_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/dfloor1_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/dfloor1_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr1_2.png: 3754 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr1_2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: 9843 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29logo.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29logo.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/29logo.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29logo.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29logo.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/29logo.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29logo.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29logo.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/29logo.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29logo.wal: 44980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wmtal3_5.png: 1446 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wmtal3_5.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/gsn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/gsn2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/gsn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/gsn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/gsn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/gsn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/gsn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/gsn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/gsn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/gsn2.wal: 42940 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/gsgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/gsgn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/gsgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/gsgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/gsgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/gsgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/gsgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/gsgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/gsgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/gsgn.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/box02_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/box02_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u2/box02_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/box02_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/box02_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u2/box02_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/box02_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/box02_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u2/box02_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/box02_1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/ceil1_8.png: 384 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/ceil1_8.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall6.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall6.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall6.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.png: 25463 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/rocks16_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/cinder1_6.png: 5640 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/cinder1_6.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wndow1_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wndow1_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wndow1_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wndow1_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wndow1_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wndow1_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wndow1_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wndow1_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wndow1_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wndow1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/map1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/map1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/map1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/map1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/map1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/map1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/map1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/map1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/map1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/map1.wal: 8600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29sign.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29sign.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/29sign.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29sign.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29sign.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/29sign.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29sign.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29sign.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/29sign.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29sign.wal: 40900 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/grasssand.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/grasssand.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/grasssand.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/grasssand.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/grasssand.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/grasssand.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/grasssand.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/grasssand.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/grasssand.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/grasssand.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/gsn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/gsn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/gsn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/gsn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/gsn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/gsn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/gsn3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/gsn3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/gsn3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/gsn3.wal: 40900 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29letsgo.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29letsgo.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/29letsgo.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29letsgo.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29letsgo.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/29letsgo.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29letsgo.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29letsgo.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/29letsgo.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29letsgo.wal: 71160 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wood1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wood1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wood1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wood1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wood1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wood1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wood1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wood1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wood1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wood1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.png: 5776 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u3/wstfl2_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29cert.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29cert.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/29cert.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29cert.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29cert.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/29cert.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29cert.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29cert.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/29cert.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29cert.wal: 144600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wall_wire_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wall_wire_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/wall_wire_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wall_wire_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wall_wire_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/wall_wire_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wall_wire_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wall_wire_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/wall_wire_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/wall_wire_2.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile9.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile9.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile9.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile9.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile9.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile9.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile9.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1_back.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1_back.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/door1_back.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1_back.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1_back.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/door1_back.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1_back.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1_back.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/door1_back.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/door1_back.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29lg1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29lg1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/29lg1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29lg1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29lg1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/29lg1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29lg1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29lg1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/29lg1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/29lg1.wal: 2140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/29th_map/wall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1rt.tga: 171037 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1bk.tga: 163206 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1lf.tga: 184924 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1ft.tga: 166311 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1up.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1up.tga: 154915 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1dn.tga: 180109 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/weapons/laser2.wav: 23256 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/electro.wav: 59958 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/mov_watr.wav: 88250 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/stp_watr.wav: 46612 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/29.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/29.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/29.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/29.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/29.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/29.pcx: 16896 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/29.cfg: 25 bytes
Execing cfg/29.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/29.txt: 0 bytes
