open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkfnt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_bkfnt.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkend.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkend.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkend.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_bkend.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood17.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood17.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/stair2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/stair2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/stair2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/stair2.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/3/yukongldflr5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/3/yukongldflr5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/3/yukongldflr5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/3/yukongldflr5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/3/yukongldflr5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/3/yukongldflr5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/3/yukongldflr5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/3/yukongldflr5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/3/yukongldflr5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/3/yukongldflr5.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/test/rockwallwindowsdoorfran.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/test/rockwallwindowsdoorfran.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/test/rockwallwindowsdoorfran.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/test/rockwallwindowsdoorfran.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/test/rockwallwindowsdoorfran.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/test/rockwallwindowsdoorfran.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/test/rockwallwindowsdoorfran.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/test/rockwallwindowsdoorfran.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/test/rockwallwindowsdoorfran.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/test/rockwallwindowsdoorfran.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b12.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b12.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b12.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/test/rockwallthreewindow2sfran.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/test/rockwallthreewindow2sfran.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/test/rockwallthreewindow2sfran.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/test/rockwallthreewindow2sfran.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/test/rockwallthreewindow2sfran.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/test/rockwallthreewindow2sfran.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/test/rockwallthreewindow2sfran.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/test/rockwallthreewindow2sfran.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/test/rockwallthreewindow2sfran.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/test/rockwallthreewindow2sfran.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/pipe2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/pipe2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/pipe2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/pipe2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/pipe2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/pipe2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/pipe2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/pipe2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/pipe2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/pipe2.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile10.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile10.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile10.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/dtsub_shrubbery3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/dtsub_shrubbery3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/1/dtsub_shrubbery3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/dtsub_shrubbery3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/dtsub_shrubbery3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/1/dtsub_shrubbery3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/dtsub_shrubbery3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/dtsub_shrubbery3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/1/dtsub_shrubbery3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/dtsub_shrubbery3.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/2/rockwalltopfran.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/2/rockwalltopfran.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/2/rockwalltopfran.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/2/rockwalltopfran.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/2/rockwalltopfran.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/2/rockwalltopfran.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/2/rockwalltopfran.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/2/rockwalltopfran.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/2/rockwalltopfran.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/2/rockwalltopfran.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/barb2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/barb2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/barb2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/barb2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/barb2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/barb2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/barb2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/barb2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/barb2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/barb2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/bullseye.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/hhroofgray.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/hhroofgray.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/1/hhroofgray.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/hhroofgray.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/hhroofgray.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/1/hhroofgray.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/hhroofgray.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/hhroofgray.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/1/hhroofgray.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/hhroofgray.wal: 174180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/poster.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/poster.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/poster.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/poster.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/poster.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/poster.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/poster.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/poster.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/poster.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/poster.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bark.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bark.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bark.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bark.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bark.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bark.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bark.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brick20.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brick20.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brick20.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brick20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brick20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brick20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brick20.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brick20.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brick20.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brick20.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/dtsub_shrubbery.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/dtsub_shrubbery.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/1/dtsub_shrubbery.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/dtsub_shrubbery.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/dtsub_shrubbery.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/1/dtsub_shrubbery.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/dtsub_shrubbery.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/dtsub_shrubbery.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/1/dtsub_shrubbery.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/dtsub_shrubbery.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/full_win2_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/full_win2_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/full_win2_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/full_win2_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/full_win2_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/full_win2_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/full_win2_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/full_win2_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/full_win2_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/full_win2_2.wal: 38180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/brickstu_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/brickstu_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/brickstu_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/brickstu_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/brickstu_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/brickstu_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/brickstu_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/brickstu_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/brickstu_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/brickstu_2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/3/yukongldrck2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/3/yukongldrck2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/3/yukongldrck2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/3/yukongldrck2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/3/yukongldrck2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/3/yukongldrck2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/3/yukongldrck2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/3/yukongldrck2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/3/yukongldrck2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/3/yukongldrck2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/2/germanyflag.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/2/germanyflag.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/2/germanyflag.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/2/germanyflag.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/2/germanyflag.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/2/germanyflag.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/2/germanyflag.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/2/germanyflag.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/2/germanyflag.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/2/germanyflag.wal: 13700 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/window3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/window3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/window3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/window3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door_124.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door_124.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door_124.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door_124.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door_124.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door_124.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door_124.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door_124.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door_124.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/door_124.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/2/roofrock1dark.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/2/roofrock1dark.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/2/roofrock1dark.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/2/roofrock1dark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/2/roofrock1dark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/2/roofrock1dark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/2/roofrock1dark.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/2/roofrock1dark.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/2/roofrock1dark.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/2/roofrock1dark.wal: 174180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/hotel_emtpy.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/hotel_emtpy.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/hotel_emtpy.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/hotel_emtpy.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/hotel_emtpy.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/hotel_emtpy.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/hotel_emtpy.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/hotel_emtpy.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/hotel_emtpy.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/hotel_emtpy.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door_105.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door_105.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door_105.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door_105.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door_105.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door_105.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door_105.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door_105.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door_105.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/door_105.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/window1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/3/utopiaatoll10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/3/utopiaatoll10.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/3/utopiaatoll10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/3/utopiaatoll10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/3/utopiaatoll10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/3/utopiaatoll10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/3/utopiaatoll10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/3/utopiaatoll10.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/3/utopiaatoll10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/3/utopiaatoll10.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/jerusrockwallsml2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/jerusrockwallsml2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/1/jerusrockwallsml2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/jerusrockwallsml2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/jerusrockwallsml2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/1/jerusrockwallsml2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/jerusrockwallsml2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/jerusrockwallsml2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/1/jerusrockwallsml2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/jerusrockwallsml2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/3/misslescarfrnttop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/3/misslescarfrnttop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/3/misslescarfrnttop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/3/misslescarfrnttop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/3/misslescarfrnttop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/3/misslescarfrnttop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/3/misslescarfrnttop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/3/misslescarfrnttop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/3/misslescarfrnttop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/3/misslescarfrnttop.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bunkwall3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bunkwall3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bunkwall3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bunkwall3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bunkwall3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bunkwall3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bunkwall3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bunkwall3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bunkwall3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/bunkwall3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/radiofront.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/radiofront.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/radiofront.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/radiofront.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/radiofront.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/radiofront.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/radiofront.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/radiofront.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/radiofront.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/radiofront.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile5.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snb_tex/snb_wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snb_tex/snb_wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/snb_tex/snb_wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snb_tex/snb_wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snb_tex/snb_wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/snb_tex/snb_wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snb_tex/snb_wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snb_tex/snb_wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/snb_tex/snb_wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snb_tex/snb_wall1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/lma_g04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/lma_g04.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/gimp/lma_g04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/lma_g04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/lma_g04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/gimp/lma_g04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/lma_g04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/lma_g04.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/gimp/lma_g04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/lma_g04.wal: 20500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandy2grass.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandy2grass.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/sandy2grass.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandy2grass.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandy2grass.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/sandy2grass.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandy2grass.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandy2grass.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/sandy2grass.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandy2grass.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/lcpside2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/lcpside2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/lcpside2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/lcpside2.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/street1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/street1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/street1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/street1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/street1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/street1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/street1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/street1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/street1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/street1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_seat.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_seat.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/trk_seat.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_seat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_seat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/trk_seat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_seat.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_seat.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/trk_seat.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/trk_seat.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_tire.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_tire.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/trk_tire.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_tire.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_tire.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/trk_tire.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_tire.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_tire.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/trk_tire.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/trk_tire.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandyrock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandyrock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/sandyrock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandyrock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandyrock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/sandyrock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandyrock.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandyrock.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/sandyrock.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandyrock.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rfbrdr2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rfbrdr2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rfbrdr2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rfbrdr2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rfbrdr2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rfbrdr2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rfbrdr2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rfbrdr2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rfbrdr2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rfbrdr2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metalx.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metalx.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/metalx.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metalx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metalx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/metalx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metalx.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metalx.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/metalx.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/metalx.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/barbrick.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/barbrick.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/barbrick.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/barbrick.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/barbrick.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/barbrick.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/barbrick.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/barbrick.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/barbrick.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/barbrick.wal: 13700 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/coolant.png: 2808 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/coolant.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/coolant.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u3/coolant.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/marble1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/marble1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/marble1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/marble1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/marble1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/marble1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/marble1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/marble1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/marble1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/marble1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/glocrys_2.png: 12505 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/glocrys_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/glocrys_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/glocrys_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_light.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_light.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_light.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_light.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_light.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_light.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_light.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_light.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_light.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_light.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sidewlk1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sidewlk1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sidewlk1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sidewlk1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sidewlk1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sidewlk1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sidewlk1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sidewlk1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sidewlk1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sidewlk1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/britishflag.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/britishflag.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/1/britishflag.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/britishflag.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/britishflag.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/1/britishflag.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/britishflag.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/britishflag.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/1/britishflag.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/britishflag.wal: 174180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_wine.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_wine.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_wine.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_wine.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkup.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkup.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkup.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkup.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_bkup.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_whte.png: 3623 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/baselt_whte.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/drag4_4.png: 13295 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/drag4_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/drag4_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u1/drag4_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/metal3_1.png: 6094 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/metal3_1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_5.png: 5264 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/floor1_5.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.png: 4399 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/florr2_8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.png: 2620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u1/tunl3_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.png: 9843 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e2u3/blume3_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bunker_floor.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bunker_floor.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bunker_floor.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bunker_floor.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bunker_floor.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bunker_floor.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bunker_floor.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bunker_floor.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bunker_floor.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/bunker_floor.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/0798water.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/0798water.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/0798water.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/0798water.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/0798water.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/0798water.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/0798water.tga: 786971 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/0798water.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood14.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door1.tga: 393234 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/door1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door_123.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door_123.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door_123.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door_123.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door_123.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door_123.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door_123.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door_123.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door_123.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/door_123.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_beard.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_beard.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_beard.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_beard.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_beard.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_beard.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_beard.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_beard.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_beard.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_beard.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/boat.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/boat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/boat.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/boat.wal: 3160 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metal_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metal_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/metal_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metal_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metal_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/metal_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metal_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metal_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/metal_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/metal_2.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag4.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_door2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_door2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_door2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/shiny1_6.png: 4437 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/shiny1_6.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/pnblue.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_vent.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_vent.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/console_vent.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_vent.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_vent.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/console_vent.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_vent.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_vent.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/console_vent.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/console_vent.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/roundcontainersend.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/roundcontainersend.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/roundcontainersend.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/roundcontainersend.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/roundcontainersend.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/roundcontainersend.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/roundcontainersend.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/roundcontainersend.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/roundcontainersend.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/roundcontainersend.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/roundcontainerside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/roundcontainerside.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/roundcontainerside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/roundcontainerside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/roundcontainerside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/roundcontainerside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/roundcontainerside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/roundcontainerside.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/roundcontainerside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/roundcontainerside.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/trigger.png: 288 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/trigger.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/4/tunnelmetaltop1darka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/4/tunnelmetaltop1darka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/4/tunnelmetaltop1darka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/4/tunnelmetaltop1darka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/4/tunnelmetaltop1darka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/4/tunnelmetaltop1darka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/4/tunnelmetaltop1darka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/4/tunnelmetaltop1darka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/4/tunnelmetaltop1darka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/4/tunnelmetaltop1darka.wal: 174180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/nesgn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/js.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/js.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/js.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/js.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/js.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/js.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/js.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/js.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pn/js.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pn/js.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/axis_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/axis_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/axis_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/axis_2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/window2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/forestrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/forestrt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/forestrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/forestrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/forestrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/forestrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/forestrt.tga: 0 bytes
Couldn't load env/forestrt.tga: File too small
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/misc/secret.wav: 19722 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/electro.wav: 59958 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/pn/hitler.wav: 210492 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gimp/verde1.wav: 165807 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gimp/5insx.wav: 109952 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/3.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/3.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/3.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/3.cfg: 25 bytes
Execing cfg/3.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/3.txt: 0 bytes
