



Somewhere on Italy 1944, Brazilians Invasion...
by CisnyFr[LF]
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse2c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse2c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse2c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2c.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse2a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse2a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2e.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse2e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse2e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2e.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse2e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2e.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xwalk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xwalk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xwalk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xwalk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xwalk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xwalk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xwalk.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xwalk.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xwalk.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xwalk.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xstreet.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xstreet.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xstreet.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xstreet.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xstreet.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xstreet.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xstreet.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xstreet.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xstreet.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xstreet.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof4b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof4b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xroof4b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof4b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof4b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xroof4b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof4b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof4b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xroof4b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof4b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/roof4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/roof4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/roof4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/roof4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/roof4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/roof4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/roof4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/roof4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/roof4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/roof4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2g.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2g.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse2g.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2g.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2g.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse2g.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2g.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2g.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse2g.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2g.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xstair2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xstair2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xstair2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xstair2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xstair2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xstair2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xstair2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xstair2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xstair2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xstair2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xwalk4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xwalk4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xwalk4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xwalk4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xwalk4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xwalk4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xwalk4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xwalk4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xwalk4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xwalk4.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xgrass.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xgrass.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xgrass.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xgrass.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xgrass.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xgrass.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xgrass.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xgrass.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xgrass.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xgrass.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/black.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/black.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/black.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/black.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/black.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/black.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/black.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/black.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/black.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/black.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/action.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/action.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/action.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/action.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/action.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/action.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/action.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/action.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/action.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/action.wal: 93940 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/basic1_8.png: 3790 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/basic1_8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xlight6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xlight6.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xlight6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xlight6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xlight6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xlight6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xlight6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xlight6.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xlight6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xlight6.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsky.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsky.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xsky.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsky.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsky.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xsky.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsky.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsky.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xsky.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsky.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xstup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xstup.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xstup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xstup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xstup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xstup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xstup.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xstup.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xstup.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xstup.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse2i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse2i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse2i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2i.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xel3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xel3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xel3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xel3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xel3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xel3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xel3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xel3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xel3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xel3.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xel1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xel1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xel1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xel1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xel1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xel1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xel1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xel1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xel1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xel1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xel2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xel2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xel2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xel2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xel2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xel2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xel2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xel2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xel2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xel2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/rimz1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/rimz1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/rimz1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/rimz1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/rimz1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/rimz1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/rimz1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/rimz1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/rimz1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/rimz1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/truckp.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/truckp.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/truckp.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/truckp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/truckp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/truckp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/truckp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/truckp.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/truckp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/truckp.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/truklogo.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/truklogo.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/truklogo.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/truklogo.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/truklogo.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/truklogo.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/truklogo.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/truklogo.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/truklogo.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/truklogo.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/stairs1_3.png: 4880 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/stairs1_3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/cable1_1.png: 4156 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/cable1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5e.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse5e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse5e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5e.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse5e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5e.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/door2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/door2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/door2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/door2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/door2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/door2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/door2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/jeep1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/jeep1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/jeep1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep1.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep0.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep0.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/jeep0.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep0.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep0.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/jeep0.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep0.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep0.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/jeep0.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep0.wal: 9620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xwall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xwall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xwall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xwall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xwall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xwall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xwall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xwall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xwall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xwall1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/stairs1_2.png: 4355 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/stairs1_2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xlight1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xlight1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xlight1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xlight1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xlight1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xlight1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xlight1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xlight1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xlight1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xlight1.wal: 780 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5f.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5f.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse5f.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5f.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5f.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse5f.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5f.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5f.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse5f.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5f.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/door102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/door102.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/door102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/door102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/door102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/door102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/door102.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/door102.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/door102.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/door102.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xfence4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xfence4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xfence4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xfence4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xfence4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xfence4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xfence4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xfence4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xfence4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xfence4.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xfence3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xfence3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xfence3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xfence3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xfence3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xfence3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xfence3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xfence3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xfence3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xfence3.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse6.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse6.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse6.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse6f.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse6f.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse6f.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse6f.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse6f.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse6f.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse6f.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse6f.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse6f.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse6f.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse6b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse6b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse6b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse6b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse6b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse6b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse6b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse6b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse6b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse6b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse5b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse5b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse5b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5d.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse5d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse5d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5d.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse5d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5d.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5h.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5h.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse5h.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5h.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5h.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse5h.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5h.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5h.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse5h.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5h.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse5c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse5c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse5c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5c.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xroof1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xroof1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xroof1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof1b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xroof1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xroof1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xroof1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof2b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xroof2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xroof2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xroof2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof2b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/roof2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/roof2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/roof2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/roof2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/roof2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/roof2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/roof2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/roof2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/roof2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/roof2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof4d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof4d.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xroof4d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof4d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof4d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xroof4d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof4d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof4d.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xroof4d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof4d.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof4e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof4e.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xroof4e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof4e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof4e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xroof4e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof4e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof4e.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xroof4e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof4e.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/conc302.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/conc302.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/conc302.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/conc302.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/conc302.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/conc302.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/conc302.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/conc302.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/conc302.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/conc302.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/hanger.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/hanger.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/hanger.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/hanger.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/hanger.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/hanger.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/hanger.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/hanger.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/hanger.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/hanger.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/conc308.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/conc308.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/conc308.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/conc308.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/conc308.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/conc308.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/conc308.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/conc308.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/conc308.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/conc308.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xplank.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xplank.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xplank.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xplank.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xplank.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xplank.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xplank.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xplank.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xplank.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xplank.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/bldg105.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/bldg105.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/bldg105.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/bldg105.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/bldg105.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/bldg105.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/bldg105.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/bldg105.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/bldg105.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/bldg105.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtapet1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtapet1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xtapet1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtapet1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtapet1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xtapet1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtapet1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtapet1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xtapet1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtapet1.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse5i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse5i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse5i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5i.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5j.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5j.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse5j.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5j.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5j.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse5j.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5j.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5j.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse5j.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5j.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/door201.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/door201.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/door201.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/door201.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/door201.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/door201.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/door201.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/door201.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/door201.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/door201.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7g.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7g.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse7g.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7g.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7g.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse7g.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7g.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7g.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse7g.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7g.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse7b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse7b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse7b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7f.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7f.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse7f.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7f.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7f.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse7f.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7f.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7f.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse7f.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7f.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtrash2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtrash2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xtrash2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtrash2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtrash2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xtrash2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtrash2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtrash2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xtrash2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtrash2.wal: 2140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtrash3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtrash3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xtrash3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtrash3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtrash3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xtrash3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtrash3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtrash3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xtrash3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtrash3.wal: 2140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtrash1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtrash1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xtrash1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtrash1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtrash1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xtrash1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtrash1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtrash1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xtrash1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtrash1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/dump3_1.png: 4658 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/dump3_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_1.png: 4950 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/dump1_2.png: 17139 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/dump1_2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/basic1_5.png: 2947 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/basic1_5.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xlight3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xlight3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xlight3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xlight3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xlight3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xlight3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xlight3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xlight3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xlight3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xlight3.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xbox3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xbox3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xbox3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xbox3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xbox3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xbox3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xbox3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xbox3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xbox3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xbox3b.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xbox3a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xbox3a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xbox3a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xbox3a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xbox3a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xbox3a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xbox3a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xbox3a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xbox3a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xbox3a.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xbox3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xbox3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xbox3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xbox3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xbox3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xbox3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xbox3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xbox3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xbox3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xbox3.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse6i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse6i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse6i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse6i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse6i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse6i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse6i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse6i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse6i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse6i.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xgrey.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xgrey.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xgrey.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xgrey.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xgrey.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xgrey.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xgrey.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xgrey.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xgrey.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xgrey.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof2d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof2d.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xroof2d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof2d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof2d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xroof2d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof2d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof2d.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xroof2d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof2d.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xstreet2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xstreet2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xstreet2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xstreet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xstreet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xstreet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xstreet2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xstreet2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xstreet2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xstreet2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/jeep2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/jeep2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/jeep2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xroof2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xroof2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xroof2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5g.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5g.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse5g.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5g.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5g.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse5g.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5g.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5g.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse5g.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5g.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/conc307.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/conc307.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/conc307.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/conc307.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/conc307.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/conc307.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/conc307.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/conc307.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/conc307.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/conc307.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtapet3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtapet3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xtapet3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtapet3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtapet3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xtapet3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtapet3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtapet3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xtapet3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xtapet3.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xfence1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xfence1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xfence1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xfence1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xfence1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xfence1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xfence1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xfence1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xfence1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xfence1.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xfence2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xfence2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xfence2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xfence2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xfence2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xfence2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xfence2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xfence2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xfence2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xfence2.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5l.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5l.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse5l.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5l.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5l.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse5l.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5l.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5l.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse5l.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5l.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse5a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse5a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse5a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse5a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2d.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse2d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse2d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2d.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse2d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2d.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/conc306.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/conc306.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/conc306.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/conc306.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/conc306.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/conc306.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/conc306.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/conc306.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/conc306.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/conc306.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7E.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7E.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7e.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse7E.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7E.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7E.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse7E.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7E.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7E.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7e.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse7E.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7E.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse7c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse7c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse7c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse7c.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xsign11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xsign11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign11.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xsign11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign11.wal: 780 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/grate1_1.png: 4219 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/grate1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/metal1_3.png: 3292 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/metal1_3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/metal1_4.png: 4994 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/metal1_4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2f.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2f.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse2f.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2f.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2f.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse2f.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2f.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2f.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xhouse2f.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xhouse2f.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/truck1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/truck1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/truck1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/truck1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/truck1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/truck1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/truck1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/truck1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/truck1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/truck1.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xsign4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xsign4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xsign4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign4.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/metal1_2.png: 4459 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/metal1_2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/metal1_3.png: 4422 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/metal1_3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.png: 3248 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xsign3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xsign3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xsign3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign3.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xsign7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xsign7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign7.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xsign7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign7.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign6.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xsign6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xsign6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign6.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xsign6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xsign6.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof1e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof1e.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xroof1e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof1e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof1e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xroof1e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof1e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof1e.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/xroof1e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/xroof1e.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/metal1_2.png: 3553 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/metal1_2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/metal1_1.png: 3625 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/metal1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/snb_wood1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/snb_wood1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/snb_wood1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/snb_wood1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/snb_wood1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/snb_wood1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/snb_wood1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/snb_wood1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/snb_wood1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/snb_wood1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hkrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hkrt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/hkrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hkrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hkrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/hkrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hkrt.tga: 0 bytes
Couldn't load env/hkrt.tga: File too small
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/scuzzy/idle.wav: 388984 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/brasil.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/brasil.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/brasil.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/brasil.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/brasil.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/brasil.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/brasil.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/brasil.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/brasil.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/brasil.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/brasil.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/brasil.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/brasil.pcx: 24104 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/brasil.cfg: 28 bytes
Execing cfg/brasil.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/brasil.txt: 0 bytes
