open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/forestsnow1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/forestsnow1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/snow/forestsnow1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/forestsnow1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/forestsnow1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/snow/forestsnow1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/forestsnow1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/forestsnow1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/snow/forestsnow1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/forestsnow1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye_side.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_hedgetrim_0.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_hedgetrim_0.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_hedgetrim_0.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_hedgetrim_0.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_hedgetrim_0.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_hedgetrim_0.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_hedgetrim_0.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_hedgetrim_0.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_hedgetrim_0.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_hedgetrim_0.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wood1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wood1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/wood1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wood1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wood1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/wood1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wood1.tga: 294312 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wood1.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bark.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bark.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bark.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bark.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bark.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bark.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bark.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_tree2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_tree2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk/afrow_tree2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_tree2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_tree2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk/afrow_tree2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_tree2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_tree2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk/afrow_tree2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_tree2.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/bullseye.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwood.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwood.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/fwood.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwood.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwood.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/fwood.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwood.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwood.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/fwood.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwood.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cratex1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cratex1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cratex1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cratex1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/wheeldriver.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/wheeldriver.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/wheeldriver.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/wheeldriver.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/wheeldriver.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/wheeldriver.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/wheeldriver.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/wheeldriver.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/wheeldriver.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/wheeldriver.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/light_bottom.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/light_bottom.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/light_bottom.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/light_bottom.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/light_bottom.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/light_bottom.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/light_bottom.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/light_bottom.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/light_bottom.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/light_bottom.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile5.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_seat.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_seat.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/trk_seat.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_seat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_seat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/trk_seat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_seat.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_seat.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/trk_seat.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/trk_seat.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/door1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/door1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/door1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/door1.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal46_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal46_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metal46_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal46_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal46_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metal46_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal46_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal46_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metal46_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/metal46_4.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood16.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_rim.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_rim.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_rim.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_rim.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_rim.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_rim.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_rim.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_rim.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_rim.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_rim.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/muddysnow.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/muddysnow.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/snow/muddysnow.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/muddysnow.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/muddysnow.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/snow/muddysnow.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/muddysnow.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/muddysnow.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/snow/muddysnow.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/muddysnow.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_side.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_side.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_side.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_side.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tread.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tread.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tread.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_tread.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkwh.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkwh.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/jdtrkwh.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkwh.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkwh.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/jdtrkwh.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkwh.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkwh.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/jdtrkwh.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkwh.wal: 8600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_axle.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_axle.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_axle.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_axle.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_axle.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_axle.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_axle.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_axle.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_axle.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_axle.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_usa2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_usa2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_usa2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_usa2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_usa2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_usa2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_usa2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_usa2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_usa2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_usa2.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_caback.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_caback.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_caback.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_caback.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_caback.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_caback.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_caback.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_caback.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_caback.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_caback.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_dash.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_dash.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_dash.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_dash.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_dash.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_dash.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_dash.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_dash.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_dash.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_dash.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_crossrj.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_crossrj.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_crossrj.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_crossrj.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_crossrj.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_crossrj.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_crossrj.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_crossrj.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_crossrj.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_crossrj.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/barrel.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/barrel.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/barrel.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/barrel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/barrel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/barrel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/barrel.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/barrel.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/barrel.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/barrel.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_horiz.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_horiz.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metaltrim_horiz.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_horiz.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_horiz.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metaltrim_horiz.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_horiz.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_horiz.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metaltrim_horiz.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/metaltrim_horiz.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile10.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile10.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile10.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/black.png: 93 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/black.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/bed_dark.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/bed_dark.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/bed_dark.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/bed_dark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/bed_dark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/bed_dark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/bed_dark.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/bed_dark.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/bed_dark.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/bed_dark.wal: 10300 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/floor_grated.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/floor_grated.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/floor_grated.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/floor_grated.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/floor_grated.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/floor_grated.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/floor_grated.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/floor_grated.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/floor_grated.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/floor_grated.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_ironcross.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_ironcross.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_ironcross.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_ironcross.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_ironcross.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_ironcross.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_ironcross.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_ironcross.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_ironcross.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_ironcross.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/grating.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/grating.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/grating.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/grating.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/grating.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/grating.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/grating.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/grating.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/grating.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/grating.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/plat1_1.png: 3044 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/plat1_1.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/tracks.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/tracks.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/tracks.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/tracks.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/tracks.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/tracks.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/tracks.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/tracks.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/tracks.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/tracks.wal: 6900 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindervine.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindervine.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cindervine.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindervine.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindervine.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cindervine.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindervine.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindervine.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cindervine.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cindervine.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/first_aidside2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/first_aidside2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/first_aidside2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/first_aidside2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/first_aidside2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/first_aidside2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/first_aidside2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/first_aidside2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/first_aidside2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/first_aidside2.wal: 3500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/first_aidside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/first_aidside.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/first_aidside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/first_aidside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/first_aidside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/first_aidside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/first_aidside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/first_aidside.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/first_aidside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/first_aidside.wal: 3500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/first_aidfront.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/first_aidfront.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/first_aidfront.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/first_aidfront.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/first_aidfront.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/first_aidfront.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/first_aidfront.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/first_aidfront.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/first_aidfront.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/first_aidfront.wal: 6900 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dinant/side_darkdamage.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dinant/side_darkdamage.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dinant/side_darkdamage.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dinant/side_darkdamage.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dinant/side_darkdamage.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dinant/side_darkdamage.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dinant/side_darkdamage.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dinant/side_darkdamage.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dinant/side_darkdamage.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dinant/side_darkdamage.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_vert.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_vert.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metaltrim_vert.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_vert.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_vert.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metaltrim_vert.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_vert.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_vert.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metaltrim_vert.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/metaltrim_vert.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/plat1_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/plat1_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/plat1_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/plat1_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/plat1_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/plat1_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/plat1_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/plat1_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/plat1_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/plat1_1.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate01b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate01b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate01b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate01b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate01b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate01b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate01b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate01b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate01b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/crate01b.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_side_1.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dinant/side_dark.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dinant/side_dark.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dinant/side_dark.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dinant/side_dark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dinant/side_dark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dinant/side_dark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dinant/side_dark.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dinant/side_dark.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dinant/side_dark.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dinant/side_dark.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile8dark.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile8dark.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile8dark.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile8dark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile8dark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile8dark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile8dark.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile8dark.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile8dark.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile8dark.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/radio1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/radio1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/radio1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/radio1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/radio1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/radio1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/radio1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/radio1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/radio1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/radio1.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/rusty.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/rusty.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/rusty.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/rusty.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/rusty.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/rusty.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/rusty.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/rusty.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/rusty.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/rusty.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_top.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_top.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_top.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_top.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_top.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_top.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_top.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_top.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_top.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_top.wal: 1120 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_side.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_side.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_side.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_side.wal: 2140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_end2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_end2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_end2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_end2.wal: 780 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_end1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_end1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_end1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_end1.wal: 780 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/console.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/console.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/console.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/console.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dinant/tnk_one.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dinant/tnk_one.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dinant/tnk_one.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dinant/tnk_one.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dinant/tnk_one.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dinant/tnk_one.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dinant/tnk_one.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dinant/tnk_one.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dinant/tnk_one.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dinant/tnk_one.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal_floor.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal_floor.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metal_floor.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal_floor.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal_floor.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metal_floor.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal_floor.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal_floor.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metal_floor.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/metal_floor.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_rajada.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_rajada.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_rajada.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_rajada.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_rajada.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_rajada.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_rajada.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_rajada.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_rajada.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_rajada.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/mr_cementfloor1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/mr_cementfloor1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/mr_cementfloor1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/mr_cementfloor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/mr_cementfloor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/mr_cementfloor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/mr_cementfloor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/mr_cementfloor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/mr_cementfloor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/mr_cementfloor1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_rock1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_rock1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_rock1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_rock1.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_formica3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_formica3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_formica3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_formica3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_snw_sndbg.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_snw_sndbg.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk/afrow_snw_sndbg.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_snw_sndbg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_snw_sndbg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk/afrow_snw_sndbg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_snw_sndbg.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_snw_sndbg.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk/afrow_snw_sndbg.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_snw_sndbg.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/bunkerwall.png: 96761 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/bunkerwall.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/flower1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/flower1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/flower1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/flower1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/flower1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/flower1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/flower1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/flower1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/flower1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/flower1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/barb2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/barb2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/barb2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/barb2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/barb2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/barb2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/barb2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/barb2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/barb2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/barb2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/skip.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/skip.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/skip.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/skip.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/skip.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/skip.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/skip.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/skip.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/skip.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/skip.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/origin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/origin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/origin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/origin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/origin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/origin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/origin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/origin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/origin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/origin.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_fenda.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_fenda.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_fenda.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_fenda.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_fenda.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_fenda.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_fenda.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_fenda.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_fenda.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_fenda.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_alma.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_alma.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_alma.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_alma.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_alma.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_alma.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_alma.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_alma.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_alma.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_alma.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sr_m4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sr_m4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sr_m4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m4.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex2.png: 380198 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cratex2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate02b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate02b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate02b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/crate02b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cratemod.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cratemod.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/cratemod.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cratemod.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cratemod.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/cratemod.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cratemod.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cratemod.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/cratemod.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cratemod.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/crate02.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/radio2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/radio2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/radio2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/radio2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/radio2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/radio2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/radio2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/radio2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/radio2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/radio2.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_controls02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_controls02.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_controls02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_controls02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_controls02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_controls02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_controls02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_controls02.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_controls02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_controls02.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_dest.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_dest.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/console_dest.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_dest.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_dest.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/console_dest.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_dest.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_dest.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/console_dest.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/console_dest.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard02b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard02b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/cardboard02b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard02b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard02b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/cardboard02b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard02b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard02b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/cardboard02b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard02b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard03b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard03b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/cardboard03b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard03b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard03b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/cardboard03b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard03b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard03b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/cardboard03b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard03b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard01b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard01b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/cardboard01b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard01b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard01b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/cardboard01b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard01b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard01b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/cardboard01b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard01b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/stripes.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/stripes.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/stripes.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/stripes.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/stripes.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/stripes.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/stripes.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/stripes.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/stripes.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/stripes.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_floor10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_floor10.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_floor10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_floor10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_floor10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_floor10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_floor10.tga: 788911 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_floor10.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_tabletop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_tabletop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_tabletop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_tabletop.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_table2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_table2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_table2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_table2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gen.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gen.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/gen.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gen.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gen.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/gen.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gen.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gen.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/gen.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/gen.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/side_dark.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/side_dark.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/side_dark.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/side_dark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/side_dark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/side_dark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/side_dark.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/side_dark.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/side_dark.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/side_dark.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/trigger.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/trigger.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/trigger.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/trigger.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/trigger.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/trigger.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/trigger.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/trigger.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/trigger.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/trigger.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door30_128x256.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door30_128x256.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door30_128x256.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door30_128x256.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door30_128x256.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door30_128x256.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door30_128x256.tga: 98843 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/door30_128x256.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/tris.md2: 980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/debris1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/debris1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/debris1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/skin.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/gbr-deadbody.md2: 36912 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/afrowuk/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/afrowuk/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/afrowuk/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/skin.pcx: 88302 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/elmaps/deadgrm.md2: 38688 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/elmaps/deadgrm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/elmaps/deadgrm.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/elmaps/deadgrm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/elmaps/deadgrm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/elmaps/deadgrm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/elmaps/deadgrm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/elmaps/deadgrm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/elmaps/deadgrm.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/elmaps/deadgrm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/elmaps/deadgrm.pcx: 148415 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/grm-deadbody.md2: 39356 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/grm-deadbody.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/grm-deadbody.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/afrowuk/grm-deadbody.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/grm-deadbody.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/grm-deadbody.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/afrowuk/grm-deadbody.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/grm-deadbody.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/grm-deadbody.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/afrowuk/grm-deadbody.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/grm-deadbody.pcx: 83093 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/gi1.md2: 112188 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_officer.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_officer.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_officer.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_officer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_officer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_officer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_officer.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_officer.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_officer.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/class_officer.pcx: 98437 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/gi2.md2: 63288 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_hmg.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_hmg.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_hmg.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_hmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_hmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_hmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_hmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_hmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_hmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/class_hmg.pcx: 102235 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/gi3.md2: 63288 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/gi4.md2: 112188 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_engineer.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_engineer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_engineer.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/class_engineer.pcx: 100214 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/minelite/light1/tris.md2: 2488 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/minelite/light1/base.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/minelite/light1/base.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/minelite/light1/base.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/minelite/light1/base.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/minelite/light1/base.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/minelite/light1/base.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/minelite/light1/base.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/minelite/light1/base.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/minelite/light1/base.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/minelite/light1/base.pcx: 13598 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1rt.tga: 206962 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1bk.tga: 196222 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1lf.tga: 205806 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1ft.tga: 203906 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1up.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1up.tga: 214582 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1dn.tga: 155902 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/switches/butn2.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/dogs.wav: 445322 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/caenamb.wav: 1139458 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/waramb.wav: 97074 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/wind2x.wav: 120832 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/beach/commsound.wav: 118904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/colpiron/engine2.wav: 22918 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/electro.wav: 59958 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/surreal/longrad.wav: 204262 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/bulge.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/bulge.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/bulge.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/bulge.cfg: 29 bytes
Execing cfg/bulge.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/bulge.txt: 0 bytes
