directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/blindados/camo2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1z.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/breechside002.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/origin.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/breechtop001.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_webley/tris.md2: 21560 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_webley/skin.pcx: 19521 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_webley/tris.md2: 296604 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_303/tris.md2: 12748 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_303.pcx: 68241 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_303/tris2.md2: 382360 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_303/skin.pcx: 89672 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_sten/tris.md2: 14216 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_sten/skin.pcx: 42369 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_sten/tris.md2: 289504 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_sten/skin.pcx: 30447 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_bren/tris.md2: 8132 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_bren.pcx: 101978 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_bren/tris.md2: 227708 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_bren/arms.pcx: 156215 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_vickers/tris.md2: 28544 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_vickers.pcx: 36044 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_vickers/tris.md2: 601728 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_vickers/skin.pcx: 28544 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/models/weapons/gbr/g_piat/tris.md2: 11344 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/models/weapons/gbr/g_piat/skin.pcx: 38650 
bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_piat/tris.md2: 202388 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_piat/skin.pcx: 35186 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_303s/tris.md2: 23456 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_303s/skin.pcx: 57848 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_303s/tris.md2: 475600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_303s/skin.pcx: 86826 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_grenade/tris.md2: 29708 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_grenade/skin.pcx: 39763 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_grenade/tris.md2: 105264 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_grenade/skin.pcx: 68518 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/webbullets/tris.md2: 6732 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/303mag/tris.md2: 3768 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/stenmag/tris.md2: 2540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/brenmag/tris.md2: 2064 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/brenmag/skin.pcx: 7593 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/vickdrum/tris.md2: 11092 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/piatrocks/tris.md2: 4344 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/piatrocks/skin.pcx: 12692 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/303smag/tris.md2: 3768 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/tris.md2: 1092108 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_webley.md2: 449528 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_303.md2: 247724 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_sten.md2: 224800 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_sten.pcx: 42178 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_bren.md2: 192860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_vickers.md2: 665072 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_piat.md2: 759308 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_piat.pcx: 14065 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_303s.md2: 525964 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_303s.pcx: 57776 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/a_mills_bomb.md2: 261740 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_flame.md2: 248260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_flame.pcx: 22675 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/gbrplane/tris.md2: 20288 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/gbrplane/skin.pcx: 13330 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/g_tnt/tris.md2: 3404 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/tnt/skin.pcx: 15563 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/v_tnt/tris.md2: 88976 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/v_tnt/skin.pcx: 41519 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner/tris.md2: 13428 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner/skin.pcx: 48517 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner1/tris.md2: 13700 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner1/skin.pcx: 49358 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/jhmodels/deadoff.md2: 28420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/jhmodels/deadoff.pcx: 83568 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/jhmodels/gram.md2: 13504 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/jhmodels/gram.pcx: 42369 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/gbr-deadbody.md2: 36912 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/skin.pcx: 88302 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/tris.md2: 980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/skin.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_webley.pcx: 1412 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_303.pcx: 1711 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_sten.pcx: 1736 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bren.pcx: 1390 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_vickers.pcx: 1324 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_piat.pcx: 2027 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_303s.pcx: 1751 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_mills_bomb.pcx: 1422 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_webley.pcx: 1554 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_303.pcx: 1362 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_sten.pcx: 1322 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_bren.pcx: 1235 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_vickers.pcx: 1201 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_piat.pcx: 1406 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_303s.pcx: 1362 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/scope_gbr.pcx: 5871 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_gbr.pcx: 4449 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1rt.tga: 71518 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1bk.tga: 86934 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1lf.tga: 77122 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1ft.tga: 106050 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1up.tga: 97286 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1dn.tga: 7742 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/webley/fire.wav: 49288 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/webley/reload.wav: 54874 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/webley/unload.wav: 47180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/303/fire.wav: 57292 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/303/lastround.wav: 51500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/303/reload.wav: 64112 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/303/unload.wav: 16488 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/bayonet/hit.wav: 3352 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/bayonet/stab.wav: 14332 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/bayonet/swipe.wav: 9588 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/sten/fire.wav: 68510 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/sten/reload.wav: 29414 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/sten/unload.wav: 9596 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/sten/jam.wav: 17236 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/bren/fire.wav: 22747 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/bren/reload.wav: 26479 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/bren/unload.wav: 14092 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/vickers/fire.wav: 29158 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/vickers/reload.wav: 36350 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/vickers/unload.wav: 27318 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/vickers/bolt.wav: 10188 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/piat/fire.wav: 39596 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/piat/reload.wav: 8596 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/piat/rockfly.wav: 15996 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/303s/fire.wav: 84234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/303s/lastround.wav: 84234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/303s/reload.wav: 64112 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/303s/unload.wav: 16488 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/victory.wav: 471212 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/inland/lily.wav: 1760326 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/inland/flies.wav: 96688 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/afrowuk/afrow_snow_amb.wav: 2050820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dinant/battle1b.wav: 284894 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bells1.wav: 121544 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/caenamb.wav: 1139458 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/siren.wav: 609298 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bats.wav: 186880 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/cricket1.wav: 80923 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/noct1.wav: 956608 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/inland/drip1.wav: 137736 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/fire1.wav: 138240 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/catacombs/generator1.wav: 161224 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_strt.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_mid.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_end.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/motor.wav: 44348 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/colpiron/engine2.wav: 22918 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/switches/butn2.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dinant/tank.wav: 16748 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/colpiron/engine4.wav: 37712 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/weapons/laser2.wav: 23256 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday3/openlock.wav: 40364 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/inland/wooddoor.wav: 16544 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday2/gate.wav: 17764 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/caumont.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/caumont.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/caumont.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.pcx: 1613 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Jack connected.
Niels connected.
Montgomery connected.
Rommel connected.
Sgt. Leper connected.
BOTskrieg connected.
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/caumont.cfg: 29 bytes
Execing cfg/caumont.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/caumont.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/caumont.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/CASTELO.bsp: 305680 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: CASTELO
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/CASTELO.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/castelo.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/CASTELO.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/castelo.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/CASTELO.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for CASTELO.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/CASTELO.pcx...done.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: CASTELO
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Monte Castelo.               By: Vassili Zaitsev
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_cement1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/bunkerwall_g1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cement1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/dirtx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandygrassx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandyrockboard.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/dirttograss.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/bunkerwall.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cement.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_skylight.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cratex3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/seawall.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/brick_wall1.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/hint.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/tris.md2: 7168 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/skin.pcx: 9215 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/tris.md2: 126332 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/skin.pcx: 27836 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/tris.md2: 4916 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/skin.pcx: 34838 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/tris.md2: 197204 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/skin.pcx: 39611 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/tris.md2: 6216 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/skin.pcx: 37969 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/tris.md2: 112368
 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/skin.pcx: 73665 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/tris.md2: 6868 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/skin.pcx: 15460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/tris.md2: 133564 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/skin.pcx: 25192 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bhmg/tris.md2: 4752 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bhmg/skin.pcx: 18742 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/tris.md2: 171696 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/skin.pcx: 24678 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/tris.md2: 6540 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/skin.pcx: 10987 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/tris.md2: 105704 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/skin.pcx: 23554 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/tris.md2: 16372 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/skin.pcx: 50990 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/tris.md2: 305860 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/skin.pcx: 90762 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/tris.md2: 8184 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/skin.pcx: 46386 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/tris.md2: 196452 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/skin.pcx: 62929 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/items/ammo/lmg2/tris.md2: 728 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/items/ammo/lmg2/skin.pcx: 2077 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/tris.md2: 1121488 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_colt45.md2: 181676 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_colt45.pcx: 9624 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1.md2: 90004 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1.pcx: 16629 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_thompson.md2: 116976 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_thompson.pcx: 36975 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bar.md2: 128820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bar.pcx: 15460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bhmg.md2: 102568 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bhmg.pcx: 18742 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bazooka.md2: 147272 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bazooka.pcx: 10987 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1903.md2: 351776 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1903.pcx: 50990 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/a_grenade.md2: 56592 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/a_grenade.pcx: 16364 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_flame.md2: 112536 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_flame.pcx: 19125 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_morphine.md2: 120848 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_morphine.pcx: 7774 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_knife.md2: 99544 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_knife.pcx: 10495 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_binoc.md2: 231408 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/tris.md2: 9752 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/skin.pcx: 44076 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m1.pcx: 1874 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_thompson.pcx: 2003 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bar.pcx: 1834 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bhmg.pcx: 2012 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bazooka.pcx: 1757 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m1903.pcx: 1976 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/scope_usa.pcx: 4425 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/victory_usa.pcx: 5894 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srrt.tga: 107010 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srbk.tga: 118770 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srlf.tga: 117266 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srft.tga: 116058 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srup.tga: 228498 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srdn.tga: 2066 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/Castelo/waramb.wav: 97074 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/fire.wav: 17454 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/reload.wav: 7044 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/unload.wav: 6724 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/fire.wav: 29600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/lastround.wav: 58612 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/reload.wav: 9776 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/unload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/fire.wav: 32032 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/reload.wav: 13484 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/unload.wav: 4822 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/fire.wav: 90498 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/reload.wav: 20378 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/unload.wav: 16492 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/fire.wav: 53996 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/reload.wav: 33436 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/unload.wav: 48514 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/fire.wav: 79350 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/reload.wav: 17436 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/rockfly.wav: 82186 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/fire.wav: 73440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/lastround.wav: 158024 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/reload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/unload.wav: 7644 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/victory.wav: 125886 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/castelo/amb2.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/castelo/amb2.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/castelo/amb2.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/castelo/battle1.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/castelo/battle1.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/castelo/battle1.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/castelo/spitfire.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/castelo/spitfire.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/castelo/spitfire.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/castelo/b25.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/castelo/b25.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/castelo/b25.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/CASTELO.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/castelo.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/CASTELO.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/castelo.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/CASTELO.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/CASTELO.pcx: 34961 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/CASTELO.cfg: 29 bytes
Execing cfg/CASTELO.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/CASTELO.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/CASTELO.txt.
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: castelo
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/castelo.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/castelo.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/castelo.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for castelo.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/castelo.pcx...done.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: castelo
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Monte Castelo.               By: Vassili Zaitsev
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/castelo.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/castelo.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/castelo.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/castelo.pcx: 34961 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/castelo.cfg: 30 bytes
Execing cfg/castelo.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/castelo.txt: 0 bytes
