open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0343.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0343.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0343.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0343.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0343.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0343.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0343.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0343.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0343.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0343.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0343.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0343.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0343.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0343.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/ST0087.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/st0087.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/ST0087.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/st0087.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/ST0087.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/ST0087.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/st0087.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/ST0087.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/st0087.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/ST0087.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/ST0087.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/st0087.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/ST0087.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/st0087.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/ST0087.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/ST0087.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/ST0093.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/st0093.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/ST0093.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/st0093.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/ST0093.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/ST0093.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/st0093.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/ST0093.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/st0093.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/ST0093.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/ST0093.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/st0093.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/ST0093.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/st0093.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/ST0093.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/ST0093.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodx.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodx.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/woodx.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/woodx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodx.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodx.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/woodx.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0499.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0499.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0499.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0499.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0499.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0499.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0499.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0499.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0499.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0499.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0419.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0419.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0419.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0419.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0419.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0419.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0419.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0419.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0419.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0419.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0419.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0419.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0419.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0419.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0419.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0419.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0675.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0675.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0675.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0675.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0675.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0675.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0675.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0675.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0675.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0675.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0675.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0675.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0675.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0675.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0675.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0675.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door2.tga: 786450 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/door2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllroof.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllroof.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/vllroof.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllroof.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllroof.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/vllroof.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllroof.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllroof.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/vllroof.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/vllroof.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sr_m14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sr_m14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sr_m14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m14.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxcrptb.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxcrptb.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/cxcrptb.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxcrptb.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxcrptb.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/cxcrptb.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxcrptb.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxcrptb.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/cxcrptb.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxcrptb.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0663.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0663.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0663.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0663.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0663.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0663.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0663.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0663.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0663.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0663.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0663.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0663.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0663.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0663.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0663.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0663.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/pi_floorwd1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/pi_floorwd1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/pi_floorwd1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/pi_floorwd1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/pi_floorwd1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/pi_floorwd1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/pi_floorwd1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/pi_floorwd1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/pi_floorwd1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/pi_floorwd1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0381.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0381.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0381.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0381.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0381.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0381.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0381.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0381.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0381.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0381.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0381.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0381.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0381.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0381.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0381.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0381.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxdrd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxdrd.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/cxdrd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxdrd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxdrd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/cxdrd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxdrd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxdrd.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/cxdrd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxdrd.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxcrptc.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxcrptc.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/cxcrptc.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxcrptc.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxcrptc.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/cxcrptc.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxcrptc.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxcrptc.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/cxcrptc.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxcrptc.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0473.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0473.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0473.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0473.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0473.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0473.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0473.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0473.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0473.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0473.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0662.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0662.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0662.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0662.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0662.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0662.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0662.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0662.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0662.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0662.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0662.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0662.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0662.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0662.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0662.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0662.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0671.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0671.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0671.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0671.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0671.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0671.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0671.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0671.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0671.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0671.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0671.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0671.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0671.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0671.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0671.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0671.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0660.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0660.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0660.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0660.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0660.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0660.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0660.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0660.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0660.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0660.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0660.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0660.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0660.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0660.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0660.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0660.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxruga.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxruga.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/cxruga.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxruga.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxruga.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/cxruga.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxruga.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxruga.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/cxruga.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxruga.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0657.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0657.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0657.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0657.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0657.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0657.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0657.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0657.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0657.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0657.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0657.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0657.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0657.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0657.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0657.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0657.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0111.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0111.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0111.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0111.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0111.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0111.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0111.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0111.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0111.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0111.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0111.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0111.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0111.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0111.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0111.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0111.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0018.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0018.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0018.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0018.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/FA0018.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0018.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0018.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0018.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0018.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/FA0018.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0018.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0018.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0018.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0018.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/FA0018.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0018.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0014.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0014.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0014.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0014.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/FA0014.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0014.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0014.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0014.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0014.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/FA0014.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0014.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0014.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0014.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0014.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/FA0014.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0014.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/Wdr0059.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/wdr0059.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/Wdr0059.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/wdr0059.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/Wdr0059.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/Wdr0059.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/wdr0059.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/Wdr0059.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/wdr0059.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/Wdr0059.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/Wdr0059.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/wdr0059.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/Wdr0059.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/wdr0059.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/Wdr0059.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/Wdr0059.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0735.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0735.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0735.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0735.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0735.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0735.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0735.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0735.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0735.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0735.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0735.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0735.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0735.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0735.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0735.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0735.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/titantiles.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/titantiles.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/titantiles.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/titantiles.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/titantiles.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/titantiles.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/titantiles.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/titantiles.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/titantiles.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/titantiles.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sandwlldoor2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sandwlldoor2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/sandwlldoor2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sandwlldoor2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sandwlldoor2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/sandwlldoor2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sandwlldoor2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sandwlldoor2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/sandwlldoor2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sandwlldoor2.wal: 40900 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/eastwndwn0c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/eastwndwn0c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/eastwndwn0c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/eastwndwn0c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/eastwndwn0c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/eastwndwn0c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/eastwndwn0c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/eastwndwn0c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/eastwndwn0c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/eastwndwn0c.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/eastwndwn1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/eastwndwn1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/eastwndwn1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/eastwndwn1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/eastwndwn1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/eastwndwn1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/eastwndwn1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/eastwndwn1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/eastwndwn1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/eastwndwn1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/eastwndwn0.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/eastwndwn0.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/eastwndwn0.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/eastwndwn0.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/eastwndwn0.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/eastwndwn0.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/eastwndwn0.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/eastwndwn0.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/eastwndwn0.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/eastwndwn0.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0460.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0460.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0460.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0460.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0460.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0460.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0460.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0460.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0460.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0460.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0460.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0460.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0460.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0460.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0460.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0460.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxtapa.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxtapa.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/cxtapa.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxtapa.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxtapa.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/cxtapa.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxtapa.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxtapa.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/cxtapa.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/cxtapa.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/desktop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/desktop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/desktop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/desktop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/desktop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/desktop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/desktop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/desktop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/desktop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/desktop.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/ancient3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/ancient3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/ancient3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/ancient3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/ancient3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/ancient3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/ancient3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/ancient3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/ancient3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/ancient3.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wood_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wood_door.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/wood_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wood_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wood_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/wood_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wood_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wood_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/wood_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/wood_door.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/medic_wall.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/medic_wall.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/medic_wall.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/medic_wall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/medic_wall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/medic_wall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/medic_wall.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/medic_wall.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/medic_wall.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/medic_wall.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/window2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/french_wallpaper.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/french_wallpaper.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/french_wallpaper.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/french_wallpaper.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/french_wallpaper.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/french_wallpaper.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/french_wallpaper.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/french_wallpaper.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/french_wallpaper.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/french_wallpaper.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wlpr_drtyckred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wlpr_drtyckred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/trim_wlpr_drtyckred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wlpr_drtyckred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wlpr_drtyckred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/trim_wlpr_drtyckred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wlpr_drtyckred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wlpr_drtyckred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/trim_wlpr_drtyckred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/trim_wlpr_drtyckred.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/ST0099.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/st0099.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/ST0099.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/st0099.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/ST0099.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/ST0099.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/st0099.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/ST0099.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/st0099.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/ST0099.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/ST0099.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/st0099.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/ST0099.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/st0099.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/ST0099.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/ST0099.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/dt_trim_fanc.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/dt_trim_fanc.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/dt_trim_fanc.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/dt_trim_fanc.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/dt_trim_fanc.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/dt_trim_fanc.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/dt_trim_fanc.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/dt_trim_fanc.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/dt_trim_fanc.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/dt_trim_fanc.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rug160256c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rug160256c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/rug160256c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rug160256c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rug160256c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/rug160256c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rug160256c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rug160256c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/rug160256c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rug160256c.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rug192256c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rug192256c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/rug192256c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rug192256c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rug192256c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/rug192256c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rug192256c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rug192256c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/rug192256c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rug192256c.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wall_wire_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wall_wire_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/wall_wire_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wall_wire_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wall_wire_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/wall_wire_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wall_wire_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wall_wire_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/wall_wire_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/wall_wire_1.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/air_duct.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/air_duct.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/air_duct.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/air_duct.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/air_duct.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/air_duct.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/air_duct.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/air_duct.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/air_duct.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/air_duct.wal: 3160 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/bullseye.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door76_128x256.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door76_128x256.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door76_128x256.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door76_128x256.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door76_128x256.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door76_128x256.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door76_128x256.tga: 98843 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/door76_128x256.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_rock3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_rock3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_rock3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_rock3.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/gbr-deadbody.md2: 36912 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/afrowuk/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/afrowuk/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/afrowuk/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/skin.pcx: 88302 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desrt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/desrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/desrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desrt.tga: 193577 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desbk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/desbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/desbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desbk.tga: 194993 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/deslf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/deslf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/deslf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/deslf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/deslf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/deslf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/deslf.tga: 194643 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/desft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/desft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desft.tga: 194250 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desup.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/desup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/desup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desup.tga: 181095 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desdn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desdn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/desdn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/desdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desdn.tga: 195745 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/powerbox.wav: 147594 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dinant/battle1b.wav: 284894 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bunkerwind.wav: 145938 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/wind.wav: 138819 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/door2.wav: 20416 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/colpiron/tank1.wav: 46844 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/colpiron/engine2.wav: 22918 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jay/distress.wav: 2672778 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/fire1.wav: 138240 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/quake.wav: 342282 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday2/marble.wav: 19724 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/noct1.wav: 956608 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday2/locked.wav: 9880 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/ch.desert2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/ch.desert2.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/ch.desert2.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/ch.desert2.cfg: 32 bytes
Execing cfg/ch.desert2.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/ch.desert2.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/ch.desert2.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/ch.desert1.bsp: 723368 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: ch.desert1
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/ch.desert1.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/ch.desert1.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/ch.desert1.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for ch.desert1.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/ch.desert1.pcx...error.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: ch.desert1
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
PowaBanga connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Desert Battle : a bunker battery
By L.T. Mark
Rev TanatoVago
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_side3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_side3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_side3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_side3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_side3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_side3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_side3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_side3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_side3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_side3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_escorilha.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_escorilha.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_escorilha.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_escorilha.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_escorilha.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_escorilha.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_escorilha.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_escorilha.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_escorilha.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_escorilha.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_rajada2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_rajada2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_rajada2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_rajada2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_rajada2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_rajada2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_rajada2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_rajada2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_rajada2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_rajada2.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_ironcross.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_ironcross.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_ironcross.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_ironcross.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_ironcross.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_ironcross.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_ironcross.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_ironcross.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_ironcross.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_ironcross.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1z.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1z.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1z.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1z.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1z.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1z.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1z.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1z.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1z.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1z.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/pipe1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/pipe1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/pipe1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/pipe1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/pipe1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/pipe1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/pipe1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/pipe1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/pipe1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/pipe1.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/hedgehog.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/hedgehog.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/hedgehog.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/hedgehog.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/hedgehog.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/hedgehog.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/hedgehog.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/hedgehog.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/hedgehog.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/hedgehog.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood16.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/-0csSandWall.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/-0cssandwall.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/-0csSandWall.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/-0cssandwall.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/-0csSandWall.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/-0csSandWall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/-0cssandwall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/-0csSandWall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/-0cssandwall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/-0csSandWall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/-0csSandWall.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/-0cssandwall.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/-0csSandWall.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/-0cssandwall.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/-0csSandWall.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/-0csSandWall.wal: 40900 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wood4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wood4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wood4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wood4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wood4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wood4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wood4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wood4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wood4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wood4.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Battle/Mark.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/battle/mark.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Battle/Mark.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/battle/mark.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Battle/Mark.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Battle/Mark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/battle/mark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Battle/Mark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/battle/mark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Battle/Mark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Battle/Mark.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/battle/mark.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Battle/Mark.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/battle/mark.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Battle/Mark.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Battle/Mark.wal: 51100 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Battle/L.T..png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/battle/l.t..png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Battle/L.T..png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/battle/l.t..png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Battle/L.T..png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Battle/L.T..jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/battle/l.t..jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Battle/L.T..jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/battle/l.t..jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Battle/L.T..jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Battle/L.T..tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/battle/l.t..tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Battle/L.T..tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/battle/l.t..tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/Battle/L.T..tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Battle/L.T..wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/radio2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/radio2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/radio2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/radio2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/radio2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/radio2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/radio2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/radio2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/radio2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/radio2.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_rim.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_rim.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_rim.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_rim.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_rim.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_rim.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_rim.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_rim.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_rim.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_rim.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/breechtop001.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/breechtop001.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/breechtop001.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/breechtop001.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/breechtop001.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/breechtop001.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/breechtop001.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/breechtop001.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/breechtop001.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/breechtop001.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/breechside002.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/breechside002.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/breechside002.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/breechside002.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/breechside002.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/breechside002.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/breechside002.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/breechside002.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/breechside002.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/breechside002.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_escorilha2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_escorilha2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_escorilha2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_escorilha2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_escorilha2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_escorilha2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_escorilha2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_escorilha2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal_escorilha2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_escorilha2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_boxtop.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxsd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxsd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxsd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_boxsd.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_box.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_box.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_box.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_box.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_box.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_box.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_box.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_box.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_box.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_box.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/pipe2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/pipe2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/pipe2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/pipe2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/pipe2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/pipe2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/pipe2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/pipe2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/pipe2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/pipe2.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/amb10.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/reich.wav: 529790 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/ch.desert1.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/ch.desert1.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/ch.desert1.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/ch.desert1.cfg: 28 bytes
Execing cfg/ch.desert1.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/ch.desert1.txt: 0 bytes
