open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtbwdc.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldgbtbwdc.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtbwdc.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wall18.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wall18.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wall18.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wall18.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtbouch.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtbouch.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldgbtbouch.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtbouch.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtbouch.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldgbtbouch.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtbouch.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtbouch.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldgbtbouch.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtbouch.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood14.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dbarrel.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dbarrel.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/dbarrel.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dbarrel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dbarrel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/dbarrel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dbarrel.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dbarrel.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/dbarrel.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dbarrel.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bedsheet2.wal: 13700 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bedsheet.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1bt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1bt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg1bt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1bt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1bt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg1bt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1bt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1bt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg1bt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1bt.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btdr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btdr.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg1btdr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btdr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btdr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg1btdr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btdr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btdr.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg1btdr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btdr.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg1btwd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg1btwd.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/cnbldg1btwd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg1btwd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg1btwd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/cnbldg1btwd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg1btwd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg1btwd.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/cnbldg1btwd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg1btwd.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtdr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtdr.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldgbtdr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtdr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtdr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldgbtdr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtdr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtdr.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldgbtdr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtdr.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/stair2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/stair2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/stair2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/stair2.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/stair1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/stair1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/stair1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/stair1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/hedge06.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/hedge06.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/hedge06.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/hedge06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/hedge06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/hedge06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/hedge06.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/hedge06.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/hedge06.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/hedge06.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/pole.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/pole.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/pole.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/pole.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/pole.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/pole.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/pole.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/pole.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/pole.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/pole.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/painting7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/painting7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/painting7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/painting7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/painting7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/painting7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/painting7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/painting7.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/painting7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/painting7.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/headlt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/headlt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/headlt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/headlt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/headlt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/headlt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/headlt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/headlt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/headlt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/headlt.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrktr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrktr.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/jdtrktr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrktr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrktr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/jdtrktr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrktr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrktr.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/jdtrktr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrktr.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkwh.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkwh.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/jdtrkwh.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkwh.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkwh.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/jdtrkwh.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkwh.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkwh.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/jdtrkwh.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkwh.wal: 8600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stlight3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stlight3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/stlight3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stlight3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stlight3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/stlight3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stlight3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stlight3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/stlight3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stlight3.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stlight4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stlight4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/stlight4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stlight4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stlight4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/stlight4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stlight4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stlight4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/stlight4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stlight4.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stlight1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stlight1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/stlight1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stlight1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stlight1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/stlight1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stlight1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stlight1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/stlight1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stlight1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stlight2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stlight2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/stlight2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stlight2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stlight2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/stlight2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stlight2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stlight2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/stlight2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stlight2.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stairsc2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stairsc2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/stairsc2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stairsc2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stairsc2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/stairsc2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stairsc2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stairsc2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/stairsc2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stairsc2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stairsc1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stairsc1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/stairsc1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stairsc1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stairsc1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/stairsc1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stairsc1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stairsc1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/stairsc1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stairsc1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/wood1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/wood1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/catacombs/wood1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/wood1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/wood1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/catacombs/wood1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/wood1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/wood1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/catacombs/wood1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/wood1.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/b_st_v3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/b_st_v3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/b_st_v3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/b_st_v3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/b_st_v3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/b_st_v3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/b_st_v3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/b_st_v3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/b_st_v3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/b_st_v3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dirt1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dirt1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/dirt1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dirt1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dirt1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/dirt1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dirt1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dirt1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/dirt1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dirt1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/metal-iron.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/metal-iron.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/metal-iron.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/metal-iron.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/metal-iron.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/metal-iron.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/metal-iron.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/metal-iron.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/metal-iron.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/metal-iron.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/ceil1_11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/ceil1_11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/ceil1_11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/ceil1_11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/ceil1_11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/ceil1_11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/ceil1_11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/ceil1_11.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/ceil1_11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/ceil1_11.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/trk_canvas.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/trk_canvas.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/trk_canvas.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/trk_canvas.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/trk_canvas.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/trk_canvas.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/trk_canvas.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/trk_canvas.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/trk_canvas.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/trk_canvas.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/tankgreyside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/tankgreyside.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/tankgreyside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/tankgreyside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/tankgreyside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/tankgreyside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/tankgreyside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/tankgreyside.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/tankgreyside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/tankgreyside.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/side_dark.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/side_dark.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/side_dark.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/side_dark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/side_dark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/side_dark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/side_dark.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/side_dark.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/side_dark.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/side_dark.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/tanktrksd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/tanktrksd.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/tanktrksd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/tanktrksd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/tanktrksd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/tanktrksd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/tanktrksd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/tanktrksd.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/tanktrksd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/tanktrksd.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/tracks.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/tracks.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/tracks.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/tracks.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/tracks.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/tracks.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/tracks.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/tracks.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/tracks.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/tracks.wal: 6900 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/streetc1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/streetc1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/streetc1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/streetc1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/streetc1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/streetc1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/streetc1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/streetc1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/streetc1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/streetc1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/sky1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/sky1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/sky1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/sky1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/sky1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/sky1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/sky1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/sky1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/sky1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/sp/lamppost1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/sp/lamppost1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/sp/lamppost1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/sp/lamppost3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/sp/lamppost3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/sp/lamppost3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost3.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/sp/lamppost2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/sp/lamppost2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/sp/lamppost2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/bricks2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/bricks2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/bricks2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/bricks2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/bricks2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/bricks2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/bricks2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/bricks2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/bricks2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/bricks2.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/sp/lamppost4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/sp/lamppost4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/sp/lamppost4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost4.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwater6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwater6.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/fwater6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwater6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwater6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/fwater6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwater6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwater6.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/fwater6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwater6.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/door2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/door2b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/catacombs/door2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/door2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/door2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/catacombs/door2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/door2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/door2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/catacombs/door2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/door2b.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/hint.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/hint.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/hint.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/hint.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/hint.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/hint.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/hint.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/hint.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/hint.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/hint.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/origin.png: 254 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/origin.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/doorx.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/doorx.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/doorx.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/doorx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/doorx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/doorx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/doorx.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/doorx.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/doorx.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/doorx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkdr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkdr.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/jdtrkdr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkdr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkdr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/jdtrkdr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkdr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkdr.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/jdtrkdr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkdr.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkwn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkwn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/jdtrkwn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkwn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkwn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/jdtrkwn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkwn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkwn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/jdtrkwn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkwn.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkpn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkpn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/jdtrkpn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkpn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkpn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/jdtrkpn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkpn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkpn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/jdtrkpn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkpn.wal: 3160 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/jdtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/jdtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/jdtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkpn2.wal: 3160 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/ggrat2_7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/ggrat2_7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/ggrat2_7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/ggrat2_7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/ggrat2_7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/ggrat2_7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/ggrat2_7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/ggrat2_7.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/ggrat2_7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/ggrat2_7.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkhd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkhd.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/jdtrkhd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkhd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkhd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/jdtrkhd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkhd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkhd.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/jdtrkhd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkhd.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrksd3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrksd3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/jdtrksd3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrksd3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrksd3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/jdtrksd3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrksd3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrksd3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/jdtrksd3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrksd3.wal: 7580 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrcnv.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrcnv.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/jdtrcnv.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrcnv.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrcnv.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/jdtrcnv.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrcnv.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrcnv.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/jdtrcnv.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrcnv.wal: 1120 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrcfr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrcfr.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/jdtrcfr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrcfr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrcfr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/jdtrcfr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrcfr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrcfr.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/jdtrcfr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrcfr.wal: 3500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/ceil1_21.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/ceil1_21.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/ceil1_21.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/ceil1_21.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/ceil1_21.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/ceil1_21.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/ceil1_21.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/ceil1_21.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/ceil1_21.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/ceil1_21.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_rock3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_rock3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_rock3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_rock3.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/recordside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/recordside.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/recordside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/recordside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/recordside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/recordside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/recordside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/recordside.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/recordside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/recordside.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/record2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/record2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/record2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/record3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/record3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/record3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/record4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/record4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/record4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/record1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/record1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/record1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rug160256b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rug160256b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/rug160256b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rug160256b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rug160256b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/rug160256b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rug160256b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rug160256b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/rug160256b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rug160256b.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/canv2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/canv2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/canv2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/canv2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/canv2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/canv2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/canv2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/canv2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/canv2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/canv2.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn.wal: 3160 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/canv1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/canv1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/canv1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/canv1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/canv1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/canv1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/canv1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/canv1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/canv1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/canv1.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_canvas.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_canvas.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_canvas.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_canvas.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_canvas.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_canvas.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_canvas.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_canvas.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_canvas.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_canvas.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub15.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub15.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub15.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub15.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub15.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub15.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub15.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub14.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/boat.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/boat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/boat.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/boat.wal: 3160 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_metpan04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_metpan04.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/5_metpan04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_metpan04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_metpan04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/5_metpan04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_metpan04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_metpan04.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/5_metpan04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_metpan04.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/carpet1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/carpet1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/carpet1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/carpet1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/carpet1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/carpet1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/carpet1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/carpet1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/carpet1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/carpet1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub9.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub9.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub9.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub9.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub9.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub9.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub9.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub18.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub18.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub18.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub18.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub18.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub18.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub18.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub18.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub18.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub18.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub3b.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub2b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub2b.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub13b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub13b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub13b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub13b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub13b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub13b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub13b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub13b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub13b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub13b.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub10b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub10b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub10b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub10b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub10b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub10b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub10b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub10b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub10b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub10b.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/console.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/console.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/console.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/console.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub12b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub12b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub12b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub12b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub12b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub12b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub12b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub12b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub12b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub12b.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub1b.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/headlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/headlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/headlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/headlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/headlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/headlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/headlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/headlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/headlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/headlight.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub15b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub15b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub15b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub15b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub15b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub15b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub15b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub15b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub15b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub15b.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub4b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub4b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub4b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub4b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub4b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub4b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub4b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub4b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub4b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub4b.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub7.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub7.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/leather.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/leather.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/leather.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/leather.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/leather.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/leather.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/leather.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/leather.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/leather.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/leather.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/canvas.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/canvas.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/canvas.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/canvas.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/canvas.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/canvas.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/canvas.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/canvas.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/canvas.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/canvas.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/sp/lamppost1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/sp/lamppost1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/sp/lamppost1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost1b.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lant.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lant.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/sp/lant.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lant.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lant.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/sp/lant.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lant.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lant.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/sp/lant.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lant.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/axbanner2.md2: 13408 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/axbanner2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/axbanner2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/faf/axbanner2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/axbanner2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/axbanner2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/faf/axbanner2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/axbanner2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/axbanner2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/faf/axbanner2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/axbanner2.pcx: 48477 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/j.md2: 21944 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/j.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/j.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/faf/j.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/j.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/j.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/faf/j.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/j.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/j.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/faf/j.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/j.pcx: 57929 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/axbanner.md2: 13864 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/axbanner.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/axbanner.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/faf/axbanner.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/axbanner.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/axbanner.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/faf/axbanner.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/axbanner.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/axbanner.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/faf/axbanner.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/axbanner.pcx: 32465 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/plant.md2: 4676 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/plant.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/plant.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/faf/plant.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/plant.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/plant.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/faf/plant.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/plant.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/plant.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/faf/plant.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/plant.pcx: 930 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenrt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caenrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caenrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenrt.tga: 2294 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenbk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caenbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caenbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenbk.tga: 2250 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenlf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenlf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caenlf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caenlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenlf.tga: 2294 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caenft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caenft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenft.tga: 2250 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenup.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caenup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caenup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenup.tga: 2666 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caendn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caendn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caendn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caendn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caendn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caendn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caendn.tga: 2066 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/inland/wooddoor.wav: 16544 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/dooropen3.wav: 9892 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/door1.wav: 12134 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/stream.wav: 217056 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/caenamb.wav: 1139458 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/windr2.wav: 206146 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/cricket.wav: 104664 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/siren.wav: 609298 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/huertgen/truckidle.wav: 46748 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/fire1.wav: 138240 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/5insx.wav: 54998 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/noct1.wav: 956608 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/ch.gbrdday3.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/ch.gbrdday3.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/ch.gbrdday3.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/ch.gbrdday3.cfg: 33 bytes
Execing cfg/ch.gbrdday3.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/ch.gbrdday3.txt: 0 bytes
