open_file_read: textures/pegasus/bridge2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/bridge2.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/bridge1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/bridge1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/bridge1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/bridge1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/bridge1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/bridge1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/bridge1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/bridge1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/bridge1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/bridge1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/bridge4b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/bridge4b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/bridge4b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/bridge4b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/bridge4b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/bridge4b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/bridge4b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/bridge4b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/bridge4b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/bridge4b.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/bridge3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/bridge3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/bridge3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/bridge3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/bridge3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/bridge3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/bridge3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/bridge3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/bridge3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/bridge3b.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/streetoil.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/streetoil.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/streetoil.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/streetoil.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/streetoil.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/streetoil.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/streetoil.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/streetoil.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/streetoil.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/streetoil.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwater.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwater.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/fwater.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwater.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwater.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/fwater.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwater.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwater.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/fwater.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwater.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/sidecafe1s.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/sidecafe1s.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/sidecafe1s.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/sidecafe1s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/sidecafe1s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/sidecafe1s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/sidecafe1s.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/sidecafe1s.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/sidecafe1s.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/sidecafe1s.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/clip.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/clip.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/clip.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/clip.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/clip.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/clip.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/clip.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/clip.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/clip.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/clip.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/shingles.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/shingles.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/shingles.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/shingles.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/shingles.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/shingles.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/shingles.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/shingles.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/shingles.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/shingles.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/bunkfl.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/bunkfl.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/bunkfl.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/bunkfl.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/bunkfl.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/bunkfl.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/bunkfl.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/bunkfl.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/bunkfl.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/bunkfl.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/shingbr8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/shingbr8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/sp/shingbr8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/shingbr8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/shingbr8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/sp/shingbr8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/shingbr8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/shingbr8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/sp/shingbr8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/shingbr8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/door2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/door2b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/catacombs/door2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/door2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/door2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/catacombs/door2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/door2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/door2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/catacombs/door2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/door2b.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwood2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwood2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/fwood2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwood2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwood2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/fwood2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwood2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwood2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/fwood2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwood2.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg9a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg9a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg9a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg9a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg9a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg9a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg9a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg9a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg9a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg9a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/cafe1s.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/cafe1s.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/cafe1s.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/cafe1s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/cafe1s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/cafe1s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/cafe1s.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/cafe1s.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/cafe1s.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/cafe1s.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/cafe3s.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/cafe3s.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/cafe3s.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/cafe3s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/cafe3s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/cafe3s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/cafe3s.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/cafe3s.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/cafe3s.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/cafe3s.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/cafe2s.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/cafe2s.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/cafe2s.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/cafe2s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/cafe2s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/cafe2s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/cafe2s.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/cafe2s.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/cafe2s.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/cafe2s.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/stop2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/stop2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/stop2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/stop2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/stop2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/stop2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/stop2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/stop2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/stop2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/stop2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/stop4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/stop4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/stop4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/stop4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/stop4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/stop4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/stop4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/stop4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/stop4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/stop4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub13.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub13.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub13.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub13.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub13.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub13.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub13.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_caback.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_caback.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_caback.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_caback.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_caback.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_caback.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_caback.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_caback.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_caback.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_caback.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub10.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub10.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub10.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wdfence.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wdfence.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/wdfence.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wdfence.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wdfence.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/wdfence.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wdfence.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wdfence.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/wdfence.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wdfence.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/sky1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/sky1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/sky1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/sky1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/sky1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/sky1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/sky1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/sky1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/sky1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/glider.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/glider.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/glider.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/glider1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/glider1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/glider1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/grass1_8.png: 4852 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/grass1_8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/glider2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/glider2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/glider2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile10.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile10.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile10.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/glider4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/glider4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/glider4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider4.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal_door.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metal_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metal_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metal_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/metal_door.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/bark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/bark2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/bark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/bark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/bark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/bark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/bark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/bark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/bark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/bark2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/wmill2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/wmill2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/wmill2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/wmill2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/wmill2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/wmill2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/wmill2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/wmill2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/wmill2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/wmill2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/crete_btmold.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/crete_btmold.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/crete_btmold.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/crete_btmold.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/crete_btmold.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/crete_btmold.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/crete_btmold.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/crete_btmold.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/crete_btmold.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/crete_btmold.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/wp01b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/wp01b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/wp01b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/wp01b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/wp01b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/wp01b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/wp01b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/wp01b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/wp01b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/wp01b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_windowlip.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_windowlip.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_windowlip.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_windowlip.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_windowlip.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_windowlip.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_windowlip.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_windowlip.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_windowlip.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_windowlip.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4bt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4bt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg4bt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4bt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4bt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg4bt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4bt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4bt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg4bt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4bt.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window_b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/window_b.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub15.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub15.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub15.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub15.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub15.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub15.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub15.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub4b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub4b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub4b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub4b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub4b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub4b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub4b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub4b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub4b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub4b.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/b_st_v3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/b_st_v3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/b_st_v3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/b_st_v3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/b_st_v3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/b_st_v3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/b_st_v3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/b_st_v3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/b_st_v3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/b_st_v3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/citlit1_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/citlit1_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/citlit1_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/citlit1_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/citlit1_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/citlit1_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/citlit1_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/citlit1_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/citlit1_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/citlit1_4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/iron3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/iron3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/iron3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/iron3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/iron3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/iron3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/iron3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/iron3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/iron3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/iron3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/sp/lamppost4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/sp/lamppost4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/sp/lamppost4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost4.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_metpan04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_metpan04.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/5_metpan04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_metpan04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_metpan04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/5_metpan04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_metpan04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_metpan04.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/5_metpan04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_metpan04.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/headlt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/headlt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/headlt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/headlt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/headlt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/headlt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/headlt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/headlt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/headlt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/headlt.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg4a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg4a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg4a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/black.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/black.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/black.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/black.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/black.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/black.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/black.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/black.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/black.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/black.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wall18.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wall18.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wall18.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wall18.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodx.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodx.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/woodx.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/woodx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodx.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodx.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/woodx.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/woodgrey.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/woodgrey.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/woodgrey.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/woodgrey.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/woodgrey.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/woodgrey.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/woodgrey.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/woodgrey.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/woodgrey.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/woodgrey.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/doora12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/doora12.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/doora12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/doora12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/doora12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/doora12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/doora12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/doora12.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/doora12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/doora12.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/strawthief3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/strawthief3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/strawthief3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/strawthief3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/strawthief3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/strawthief3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/strawthief3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/strawthief3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/strawthief3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/strawthief3.wal: 81700 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodeditx.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodeditx.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/woodeditx.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodeditx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodeditx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/woodeditx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodeditx.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodeditx.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/woodeditx.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodeditx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rug160256b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rug160256b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/rug160256b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rug160256b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rug160256b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/rug160256b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rug160256b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rug160256b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/rug160256b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rug160256b.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwater6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwater6.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/fwater6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwater6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwater6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/fwater6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwater6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwater6.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/fwater6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwater6.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cratex3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cratex3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cratex3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cratex3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/desk1c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/desk1c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/catacombs/desk1c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/desk1c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/desk1c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/catacombs/desk1c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/desk1c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/desk1c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/catacombs/desk1c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/desk1c.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/bureau1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/bureau1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/catacombs/bureau1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/bureau1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/bureau1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/catacombs/bureau1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/bureau1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/bureau1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/catacombs/bureau1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/bureau1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/bureau1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/bureau1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/catacombs/bureau1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/bureau1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/bureau1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/catacombs/bureau1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/bureau1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/bureau1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/catacombs/bureau1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/bureau1b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_side.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_side.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/console_side.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/console_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/console_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/console_side.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile8dark.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile8dark.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile8dark.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile8dark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile8dark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile8dark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile8dark.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile8dark.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile8dark.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile8dark.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_vent.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_vent.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/console_vent.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_vent.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_vent.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/console_vent.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_vent.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_vent.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/console_vent.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/console_vent.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/broom1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/broom1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/catacombs/broom1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/broom1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/broom1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/catacombs/broom1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/broom1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/broom1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/catacombs/broom1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/broom1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_end2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_end2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_end2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_end2.wal: 780 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_top.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_top.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_top.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_top.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_top.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_top.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_top.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_top.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_top.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_top.wal: 1120 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/ptg2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/ptg2b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/ptg2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/ptg2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/ptg2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/ptg2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/ptg2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/ptg2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/ptg2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/ptg2b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/brn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/brn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/brn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/brn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/brn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/brn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/brn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/brn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/brn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/brn.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/clock1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/clock1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/catacombs/clock1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/clock1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/clock1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/catacombs/clock1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/clock1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/clock1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/catacombs/clock1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/clock1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/wood1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/wood1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/catacombs/wood1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/wood1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/wood1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/catacombs/wood1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/wood1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/wood1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/catacombs/wood1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/wood1.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/sandbags2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/sandbags2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/sandbags2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/sandbags2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/sandbags2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/sandbags2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/sandbags2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/sandbags2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/sandbags2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/sandbags2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/sandbagstop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/sandbagstop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/sandbagstop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/sandbagstop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/sandbagstop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/sandbagstop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/sandbagstop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/sandbagstop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/sandbagstop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/sandbagstop.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/trigger.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/trigger.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/trigger.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/trigger.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/trigger.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/trigger.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/trigger.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/trigger.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/trigger.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/trigger.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/origin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/origin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/origin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/origin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/origin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/origin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/origin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/origin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/origin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/origin.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bldng14.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub9.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub9.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub9.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub9.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub9.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub9.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub9.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub18.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub18.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub18.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub18.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub18.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub18.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub18.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub18.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub18.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub18.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub2b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub2b.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub3b.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub10b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub10b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub10b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub10b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub10b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub10b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub10b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub10b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub10b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub10b.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub13b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub13b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub13b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub13b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub13b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub13b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub13b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub13b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub13b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub13b.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/console.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/console.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/console.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/console.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub1b.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub12b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub12b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub12b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub12b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub12b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub12b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub12b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub12b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub12b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub12b.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/headlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/headlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/headlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/headlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/headlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/headlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/headlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/headlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/headlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/headlight.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub15b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub15b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub15b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub15b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub15b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub15b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub15b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub15b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub15b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub15b.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub7.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub7.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/leather.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/leather.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/leather.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/leather.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/leather.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/leather.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/leather.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/leather.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/leather.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/leather.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/canvas.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/canvas.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/canvas.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/canvas.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/canvas.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/canvas.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/canvas.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/canvas.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/canvas.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/canvas.wal: 6220 bytes
build_surface_light: bad surface lightmap
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/faf/tree2.sp2: 92 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/faf/tree2_0.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/faf/tree2_0.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/faf/tree2_0.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/faf/tree2_0.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/faf/tree2_0.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/faf/tree2_0.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/faf/tree2_0.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/faf/tree2_0.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/faf/tree2_0.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/faf/tree2_0.pcx: 14844 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/faf/tree3.sp2: 92 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/faf/tree3_0.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/faf/tree3_0.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/faf/tree3_0.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/faf/tree3_0.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/faf/tree3_0.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/faf/tree3_0.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/faf/tree3_0.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/faf/tree3_0.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/faf/tree3_0.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/faf/tree3_0.pcx: 13512 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/faf/tree4.sp2: 92 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/faf/tree4_0.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/faf/tree4_0.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/faf/tree4_0.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/faf/tree4_0.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/faf/tree4_0.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/faf/tree4_0.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/faf/tree4_0.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/faf/tree4_0.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/faf/tree4_0.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/faf/tree4_0.pcx: 16768 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/fire.md2: 7472 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/fire.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/fire.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/faf/fire.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/fire.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/fire.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/faf/fire.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/fire.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/fire.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/faf/fire.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/fire.pcx: 25395 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_rt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/dhdark_rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/dhdark_rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_rt.tga: 15276 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_bk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/dhdark_bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/dhdark_bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_bk.tga: 55159 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_lf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/dhdark_lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/dhdark_lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_lf.tga: 38837 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_ft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/dhdark_ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/dhdark_ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_ft.tga: 42712 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_up.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/dhdark_up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/dhdark_up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_up.tga: 45948 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_dn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/dhdark_dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/dhdark_dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_dn.tga: 3611 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/frog.wav: 170346 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/crickets3q.wav: 433196 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/b25.wav: 147290 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/pond.wav: 34450 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/owl6.wav: 64918 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/river2.wav: 174340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/undrwtr.wav: 218062 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/door1.wav: 12134 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/dooropen3.wav: 9892 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/clock.wav: 85827 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/inland/fire.wav: 139450 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/cherbamb4q.wav: 1744940 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/ch.gbrdday1.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/ch.gbrdday1.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/ch.gbrdday1.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/ch.gbrdday1.cfg: 32 bytes
Execing cfg/ch.gbrdday1.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/ch.gbrdday1.txt: 0 bytes
