open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/snow_street.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/snow_street.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/snow_street.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/snow_street.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/snow_street.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/snow_street.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/snow_street.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/snow_street.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/snow_street.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/snow_street.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/snow_street.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/snow_street.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/snow_street.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/snow_street.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/snow_street.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/snow_street.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/snow_street.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/snow_street.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/snow_street.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/snow_street.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/snow_street.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/snow_street.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/snow_street.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/snow_street.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowtracks.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/graphtallica/brick2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/garage_door_sprayed.wal: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/garage_door_sprayed.wal: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/garage_door_sprayed.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/garage_door_sprayed.png: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/garage_door_sprayed.png: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/garage_door_sprayed.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/garage_door_sprayed.jpg: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/garage_door_sprayed.jpg: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/garage_door_sprayed.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/garage_door_sprayed.tga: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/garage_door_sprayed.tga: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/garage_door_sprayed.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/brick4_on.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/brick4_on.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/brick4_on.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/brick4_on.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/brick4_on.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/brick4_on.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/brick4_on.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/brick4_on.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/brick4_on.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/brick4_on.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/brick4_on.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/brick4_on.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/brick4_on.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/brick4_on.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/brick4_on.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/brick4_on.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door10.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chaos/hm_stainglass1.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chaos/hm_stainglass3.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chaos/hm_stainglass2.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/dirty_fence.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/dirty_fence.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/dirty_fence.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/dirty_fence.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/dirty_fence.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/dirty_fence.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/dirty_fence.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/dirty_fence.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/dirty_fence.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/dirty_fence.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/dirty_fence.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/dirty_fence.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_tire.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_tread.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_books1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/painting8.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_side.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_side.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/1337/wu_bed_side.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_side.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_side.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/1337/wu_bed_side.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_side.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_side.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/1337/wu_bed_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_side.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_side.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/1337/wu_bed_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_side.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_side.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/1337/wu_bed_side.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_side.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_side.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/1337/wu_bed_side.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_side.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_side.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/1337/wu_bed_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_side.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_side.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/1337/wu_bed_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_top.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_top.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/1337/wu_bed_top.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_top.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_top.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/1337/wu_bed_top.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_top.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_top.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/1337/wu_bed_top.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_top.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_top.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/1337/wu_bed_top.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_bottom6.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/trailersign2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/trailersign2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/trailersign2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/trailersign2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/trailersign2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/trailersign2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/trailersign2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/trailersign2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/trailersign2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/trailersign2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/trailersign2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/trailersign2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/buy_one.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/buy_one.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/buy_one.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/buy_one.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/buy_one.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/buy_one.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/buy_one.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/buy_one.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/buy_one.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/buy_one.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/buy_one.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/buy_one.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/italian_tarp.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/italian_tarp.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/italian_tarp.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/italian_tarp.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/italian_tarp.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/italian_tarp.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/italian_tarp.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/italian_tarp.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/italian_tarp.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/italian_tarp.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/italian_tarp.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/italian_tarp.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/trigger.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1rt.tga: 71518 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1bk.tga: 86934 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1lf.tga: 77122 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1ft.tga: 106050 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1up.tga: 97286 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1dn.tga: 7742 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/wind01.wav: 66512 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/funionz/smoke.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/funionz/smoke.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/funionz/smoke.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/nav/xmasjew.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/nav/xmasjew.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/nav/xmasjew.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/funionz/ymca.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/funionz/ymca.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/funionz/ymca.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/funionz/crowdpeopletalk.wav: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/funionz/crowdpeopletalk.wav: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: sound/funionz/crowdpeopletalk.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/funionz/rockin.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/funionz/rockin.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/funionz/rockin.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/funionz/gospel.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/funionz/gospel.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/funionz/gospel.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/funionz/tomato.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/funionz/tomato.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/funionz/tomato.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/funionz/dogbarking.wav: 643302 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/christmas.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/christmas.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/christmas.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/teams/usa.pcx: 1879 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/teams/grm.pcx: 1940 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/christmas.cfg: 34 bytes
Execing cfg/christmas.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/christmas.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/christmas.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/ch.reichstag.bsp: 2993312 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: ch.reichstag
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/ch.reichstag.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/ch.reichstag.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/ch.reichstag.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for ch.reichstag.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/ch.reichstag.pcx...error.
func_door_rotating at (-762 1420 -17) with no distance set
func_door_rotating at (-667 905 -33) with no distance set
func_door_rotating at (-763 905 -33) with no distance set
func_door_rotating at (-666 1420 -17) with no distance set
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: ch.reichstag
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Reichstag
<test version>
Modificado por PoLaFio
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/clip.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/nflag3.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/rstg6.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/roofrck1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/ladder.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_floor1.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/redcarp.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_metpan04.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/K_wall131.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/reich_10.wal: 18800 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/reich_09.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/K_wall35b.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_textured9c.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9-2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/reich_08.wal: 3160 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez2/plants3.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/trans.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez2/plants4.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window6a.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wallruff.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/flash2_ground1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/light.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/avaceil3.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wood1.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/unnamed.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/0798water.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/K_wood8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/avaceil2.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/K_wood8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwood.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/reich_eagle.wal: 40560 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/trans_ironfence_bk.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/Tree2_003.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/postercs.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/postera.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/wilhelm6.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/hitler6.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/reich_top.wal: 49060 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_castle5b.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/hedge.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/Tree5C_004.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/reich_11.wal: 33760 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/rstg5.wal: 69460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/reich_12.wal: 15400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/rstg7.wal: 130660 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/reich_06.wal: 50080 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/K_stone1b.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/trigger.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/origin.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner/tris.md2: 13428 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner/skin.pcx: 48517 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/light2.md2: 11560 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/light2.pcx: 2300 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/julhelm/grasslt2.md2: 12404 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/julhelm/grasslt2.pcx: 62759 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/plant.md2: 4676 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/plant.pcx: 930 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cerisyrt.tga: 107090 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cerisybk.tga: 95838 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cerisylf.tga: 87354 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cerisyft.tga: 101582 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cerisyup.tga: 215650 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cerisydn.tga: 2066 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/air.wav: 120926 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/reic2.wav: 1087744 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/cherbamb4q.wav: 1744940 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/flag.wav: 311668 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/pond.wav: 34450 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_strt.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_mid.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_end.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/afrowuk/light_hum.wav: 87196 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/afrowuk/light_wet.wav: 137474 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/afrowuk/light_broken.wav: 151022 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/ch.reichstag.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/ch.reichstag.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/ch.reichstag.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/teams/grm.pcx: 1940 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/teams/usa.pcx: 1879 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/ch.reichstag.cfg: 33 bytes
Execing cfg/ch.reichstag.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/ch.reichstag.txt: 0 bytes
