open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowtracks.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/clip.png: 246 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/clip.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metal1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metal1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/metal1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metal1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metal1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/metal1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metal1.tga: 83024 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metal1.wal: 39880 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0028.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0028.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0028.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0028.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0028.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0028.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0028.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0028.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0028.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0028.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0028.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0028.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0028.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0028.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0028.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0028.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/arrowup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/arrowup.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/arrowup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/arrowup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/arrowup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/arrowup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/arrowup.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/arrowup.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/arrowup.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/arrowup.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain9.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain9.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/metaltrain9.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/metaltrain9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain9.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain9.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/metaltrain9.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain9.wal: 16760 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/metaltrain1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/metaltrain1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/metaltrain1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain1.wal: 44300 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/band1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/band1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/band1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/band1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/band1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/band1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/band1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/band1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/band1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/band1.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0111.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0111.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/gl0111.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0111.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0111.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/gl0111.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0111.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0111.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/gl0111.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0111.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0111.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/gl0111.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/boat.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/boat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/boat.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/boat.wal: 3160 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0111.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0111.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/gl0111.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0111.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0111.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/gl0111.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0111.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0111.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/gl0111.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0111.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0111.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/gl0111.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0111.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0111.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/gl0111.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0111.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0111.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/gl0111.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0111.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0111.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/gl0111.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0111.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0111.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/gl0111.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0028.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0028.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0028.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0028.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0028.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0028.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0028.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0028.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0028.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0028.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0028.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0028.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0028.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0028.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0028.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0028.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0028.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/altex/woodweth.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/altex/woodweth.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/altex/woodweth.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/altex/woodweth.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/altex/woodweth.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/altex/woodweth.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/altex/woodweth.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/altex/woodweth.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/altex/woodweth.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/altex/woodweth.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0026.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0026.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0026.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0026.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0026.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0026.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0026.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0026.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0026.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0026.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0026.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0026.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0026.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0026.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0026.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0026.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0026.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0026.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0026.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0026.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0026.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0026.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0026.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0026.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/tile3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/tile3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/tile3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/tile3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/tile3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/tile3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/tile3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/tile3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/tile3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/tile3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0026.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0026.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0026.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0026.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0026.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0026.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0026.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0026.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0026.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0026.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0026.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0026.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_canvas.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_canvas.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_canvas.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_canvas.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_canvas.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_canvas.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_canvas.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_canvas.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_canvas.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_canvas.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metal2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metal2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/metal2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metal2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metal2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/metal2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metal2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metal2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/metal2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metal2.wal: 39880 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metalsnow.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metalsnow.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/metalsnow.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metalsnow.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metalsnow.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/metalsnow.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metalsnow.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metalsnow.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/metalsnow.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metalsnow.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/ladder.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/ladder.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/ladder.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/ladder.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/ladder.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/ladder.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/ladder.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/ladder.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/ladder.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/ladder.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_crate2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_crate2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/shadowfire/s_crate2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_crate2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_crate2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/shadowfire/s_crate2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_crate2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_crate2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/shadowfire/s_crate2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_crate2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m3s.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m3s.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m3s.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m3s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m3s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m3s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m3s.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m3s.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m3s.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m3s.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/metaltrain7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/metaltrain7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain7.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/metaltrain7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain7.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_c06.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_c06.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_c06.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_c06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_c06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_c06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_c06.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_c06.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_c06.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_c06.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandyrockboard.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandyrockboard.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/sandyrockboard.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandyrockboard.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandyrockboard.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/sandyrockboard.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandyrockboard.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandyrockboard.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/sandyrockboard.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandyrockboard.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/leather2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/leather2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/leather2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/leather2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/leather2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/leather2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/leather2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/leather2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/leather2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/leather2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/leather.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/leather.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/leather.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/leather.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/leather.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/leather.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/leather.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/leather.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/leather.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/leather.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/weave1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/weave1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/weave1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/weave1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/weave1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/weave1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/weave1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/weave1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/weave1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/weave1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/wllppr6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/wllppr6.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/wllppr6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/wllppr6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/wllppr6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/wllppr6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/wllppr6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/wllppr6.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/wllppr6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/wllppr6.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/metaltrain4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/metaltrain4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/metaltrain4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/leather1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/leather1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/leather1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/leather1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/leather1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/leather1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/leather1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/leather1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/leather1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/leather1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metal3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metal3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/metal3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metal3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metal3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/metal3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metal3.tga: 90764 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metal3.wal: 39880 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/russian3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/russian3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/russian3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/russian3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/russian3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/russian3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/russian3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/russian3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/russian3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/russian3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/truckmetal02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/truckmetal02.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/truckmetal02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/truckmetal02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/truckmetal02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/truckmetal02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/truckmetal02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/truckmetal02.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/truckmetal02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/truckmetal02.wal: 16760 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/lght.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/lght.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/lght.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/lght.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/lght.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/lght.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/lght.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/lght.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/lght.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/lght.wal: 39880 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/truckmetal01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/truckmetal01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/truckmetal01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/truckmetal01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/truckmetal01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/truckmetal01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/truckmetal01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/truckmetal01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/truckmetal01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/truckmetal01.wal: 16760 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/floor_grated.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/floor_grated.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/floor_grated.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/floor_grated.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/floor_grated.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/floor_grated.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/floor_grated.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/floor_grated.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/floor_grated.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/floor_grated.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/russian2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/russian2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/russian2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/russian2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/russian2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/russian2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/russian2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/russian2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/russian2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/russian2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain010.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain010.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/metaltrain010.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain010.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain010.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/metaltrain010.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain010.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain010.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/metaltrain010.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain010.wal: 16760 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain011.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain011.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/metaltrain011.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain011.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain011.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/metaltrain011.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain011.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain011.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/metaltrain011.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain011.wal: 16760 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowrock1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowrock1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowrock1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowrock1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowrock1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowrock1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowrock1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowrock1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowrock1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowrock1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m7s.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m7s.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m7s.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m7s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m7s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m7s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m7s.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m7s.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m7s.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m7s.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/metaltrain5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/metaltrain5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/metaltrain5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain5.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/crate1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/crate1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/perez/crate1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/crate1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/crate1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/perez/crate1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/crate1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/crate1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/perez/crate1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/crate1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/painting4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/painting4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/painting4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/painting4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/painting4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/painting4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/painting4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/painting4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/painting4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/painting4.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/painting3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/painting3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/painting3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/painting3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/painting3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/painting3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/painting3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/painting3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/painting3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/painting3.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/painting2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/painting2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/painting2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/painting2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/painting2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/painting2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/painting2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/painting2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/painting2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/painting2.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/bath2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/bath2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/bath2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/bath2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/bath2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/bath2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/bath2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/bath2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/bath2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/bath2.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/bath1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/bath1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/bath1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/bath1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/bath1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/bath1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/bath1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/bath1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/bath1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/bath1.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/wllppr5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/wllppr5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/wllppr5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/wllppr5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/wllppr5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/wllppr5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/wllppr5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/wllppr5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/wllppr5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/wllppr5.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0035.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0035.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mdr0035.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0035.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0035.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mdr0035.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0035.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0035.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mdr0035.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0035.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_ladder.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_ladder.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/shadowfire/s_ladder.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_ladder.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_ladder.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/shadowfire/s_ladder.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_ladder.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_ladder.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/shadowfire/s_ladder.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_ladder.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/bark1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/bark1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/bark1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/bark1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/bark1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/bark1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/bark1.tga: 89562 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/bark1.wal: 39880 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/metaltrain2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/metaltrain2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/metaltrain2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain2.wal: 44300 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/tile1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/tile1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/tile1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/tile1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/tile1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/tile1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/tile1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/tile1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/tile1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/tile1.wal: 39880 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/band4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/band4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/band4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/band4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/band4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/band4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/band4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/band4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/band4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/band4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mt0494.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mt0494.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mt0494.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mt0494.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mt0494.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mt0494.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mt0494.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mt0494.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mt0494.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mt0494.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mt0494.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mt0494.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mt0494.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mt0494.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mt0494.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mt0494.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mt0494.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mt0494.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mt0494.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mt0494.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mt0494.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0048.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0048.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0048.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0048.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0048.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0048.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0048.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0048.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0048.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0048.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0048.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0048.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/mdr0031.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/hedgehog.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/hedgehog.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/hedgehog.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/hedgehog.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/hedgehog.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/hedgehog.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/hedgehog.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/hedgehog.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/hedgehog.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/hedgehog.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0025.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0025.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0025.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0025.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0025.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0025.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0025.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0025.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0025.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0025.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0025.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0025.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0025.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0025.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0025.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0025.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0025.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0025.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0025.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0025.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0025.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0025.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0025.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/obj0025.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/blt0026.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/blt0026.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/blt0026.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/blt0026.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/blt0026.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/blt0026.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/blt0026.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/blt0026.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/blt0026.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/blt0026.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/blt0026.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/blt0026.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0128.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0128.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/gl0128.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0128.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0128.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/gl0128.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0128.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0128.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/gl0128.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0128.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0128.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/gl0128.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0128.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0128.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/gl0128.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0128.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0128.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/gl0128.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0128.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0128.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/gl0128.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0128.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0128.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/gl0128.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0128.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0128.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/gl0128.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0128.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0128.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/gl0128.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0128.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0128.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/gl0128.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0128.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/gl0128.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/gl0128.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/trigger.png: 288 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/trigger.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tire.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tire.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tire.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_tire.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tread.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tread.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tread.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_tread.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/barrel3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/barrel3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/perez/barrel3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/barrel3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/barrel3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/perez/barrel3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/barrel3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/barrel3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/perez/barrel3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/barrel3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/brwn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/brwn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/brwn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/brwn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/brwn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/brwn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/brwn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/brwn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/brwn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/brwn.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/tris.md2: 980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/debris1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/debris1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/debris1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/skin.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/lbobwntrrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/lbobwntrrt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/lbobwntrrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/lbobwntrrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/lbobwntrrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/lbobwntrrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/lbobwntrrt.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/lbobwntrbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/lbobwntrbk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/lbobwntrbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/lbobwntrbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/lbobwntrbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/lbobwntrbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/lbobwntrbk.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/lbobwntrlf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/lbobwntrlf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/lbobwntrlf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/lbobwntrlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/lbobwntrlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/lbobwntrlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/lbobwntrlf.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/lbobwntrft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/lbobwntrft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/lbobwntrft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/lbobwntrft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/lbobwntrft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/lbobwntrft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/lbobwntrft.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/lbobwntrup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/lbobwntrup.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/lbobwntrup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/lbobwntrup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/lbobwntrup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/lbobwntrup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/lbobwntrup.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/lbobwntrdn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/lbobwntrdn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/lbobwntrdn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/lbobwntrdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/lbobwntrdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/lbobwntrdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/lbobwntrdn.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/electro.wav: 59958 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/nav/whistle1.wav: 240106 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/nav/train1.wav: 908042 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_strt.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_mid.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_end.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/amb10.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/ch.soviet6.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/ch.soviet6.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/ch.soviet6.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/ch.soviet6.cfg: 32 bytes
Execing cfg/ch.soviet6.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/ch.soviet6.txt: 0 bytes
