open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_bottom4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex4/k_bottom4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_bottom4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_bottom4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex4/k_bottom4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_bottom4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_bottom4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex4/k_bottom4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_bottom4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_bottom4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex4/k_bottom4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_bottom4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_bottom4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex4/k_bottom4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_bottom4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_bottom4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex4/k_bottom4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_bottom4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_bottom4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex4/k_bottom4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex3/avafloor2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex3/avafloor2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex3/avafloor2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex3/avafloor2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex3/avafloor2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex3/avafloor2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex3/avafloor2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex3/avafloor2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex3/avafloor2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex3/avafloor2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall12.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_wall12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_wall12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall12.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_wall12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall12.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall12.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_wall12.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall12.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_wall12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_wall12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall12.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_wall12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall12.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall12.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_wall12.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_wall13.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/snow_street.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/snow_street.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/snow_street.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/snow_street.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/snow_street.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/snow_street.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/snow_street.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/snow_street.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/snow_street.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/snow_street.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/snow_street.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/snow_street.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/snow_street.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/snow_street.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/snow_street.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/snow_street.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/snow_street.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/snow_street.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/snow_street.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/snow_street.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/snow_street.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/snow_street.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/snow_street.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/snow_street.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowtracks.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowtracks.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowtracks.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowtracks.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowtracks.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowtracks.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowtracks.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowtracks.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowtracks.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowtracks.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snow2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snow2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snow2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snow2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snow2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snow2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snow2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snow2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snow2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snow2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snow2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snow2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snow2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snow2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snow2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snow2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_v30v.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/graphtallica/brick2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/graphtallica/brick2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/graphtallica/brick2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/graphtallica/brick2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/graphtallica/brick2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/graphtallica/brick2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/graphtallica/brick2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/graphtallica/brick2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/graphtallica/brick2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/graphtallica/brick2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/garage_door_sprayed.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/garage_door_sprayed.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/garage_door_sprayed.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/garage_door_sprayed.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/garage_door_sprayed.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/garage_door_sprayed.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/garage_door_sprayed.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/garage_door_sprayed.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/garage_door_sprayed.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/garage_door_sprayed.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/garage_door_sprayed.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/garage_door_sprayed.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9d.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/brick4_on.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/brick4_on.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/brick4_on.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/brick4_on.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/brick4_on.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/brick4_on.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/brick4_on.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/brick4_on.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/brick4_on.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/brick4_on.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/brick4_on.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/brick4_on.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/brick4_on.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/brick4_on.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/brick4_on.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/brick4_on.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/brick4_on.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_door13b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snow2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snow2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snow2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snow2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snow2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snow2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snow2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snow2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door10.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_door10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_door10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door10.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_door10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door10.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door10.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_door10.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door10.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_door10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_door10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door10.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_door10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door10.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door10.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_door10.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door10.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_door10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_door10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door10.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_door10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door10.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door10.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_door10.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chaos/hm_stainglass1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chaos/hm_stainglass1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chaos/hm_stainglass1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chaos/hm_stainglass1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chaos/hm_stainglass1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chaos/hm_stainglass1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chaos/hm_stainglass1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chaos/hm_stainglass1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chaos/hm_stainglass1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chaos/hm_stainglass1.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chaos/hm_stainglass3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chaos/hm_stainglass3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chaos/hm_stainglass3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chaos/hm_stainglass3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chaos/hm_stainglass3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chaos/hm_stainglass3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chaos/hm_stainglass3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chaos/hm_stainglass3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chaos/hm_stainglass3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chaos/hm_stainglass3.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chaos/hm_stainglass2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chaos/hm_stainglass2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chaos/hm_stainglass2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chaos/hm_stainglass2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chaos/hm_stainglass2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chaos/hm_stainglass2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chaos/hm_stainglass2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chaos/hm_stainglass2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chaos/hm_stainglass2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chaos/hm_stainglass2.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snow2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snow2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snow2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snow2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snow2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snow2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snow2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snow2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snow2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/dirty_fence.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/dirty_fence.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/dirty_fence.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/dirty_fence.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/dirty_fence.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/dirty_fence.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/dirty_fence.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/dirty_fence.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/dirty_fence.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/dirty_fence.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/dirty_fence.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/dirty_fence.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/dirty_fence.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tire.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tire.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tire.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_tire.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tread.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tread.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tread.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_tread.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_books1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_books1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex4/k_books1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_books1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_books1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex4/k_books1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_books1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_books1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex4/k_books1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_books1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/painting8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/painting8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/painting8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/painting8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/painting8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/painting8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/painting8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/painting8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/painting8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/painting8.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_side.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_side.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/1337/wu_bed_side.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/1337/wu_bed_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/1337/wu_bed_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_side.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_side.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/1337/wu_bed_side.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_side.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_side.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/1337/wu_bed_side.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/1337/wu_bed_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/1337/wu_bed_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_side.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_side.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/1337/wu_bed_side.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_top.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_top.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/1337/wu_bed_top.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_top.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_top.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/1337/wu_bed_top.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_top.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_top.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/1337/wu_bed_top.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_top.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1337/wu_bed_top.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/1337/wu_bed_top.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_snow1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_snow1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_snow1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_snow1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_snow1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_snow1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_snow1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_snow1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_snow1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_snow1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_snow1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_snow1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/m_khwall3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/snowwalk.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/snowwalk.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_church3c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_bottom6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_bottom6.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex4/k_bottom6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_bottom6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_bottom6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex4/k_bottom6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_bottom6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_bottom6.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex4/k_bottom6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_bottom6.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/trailersign2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/trailersign2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/trailersign2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/trailersign2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/trailersign2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/trailersign2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/trailersign2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/trailersign2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/trailersign2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/trailersign2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/trailersign2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/loosebob/trailersign2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/buy_one.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/buy_one.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/buy_one.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/buy_one.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/buy_one.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/buy_one.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/buy_one.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/buy_one.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/buy_one.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/buy_one.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/buy_one.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/buy_one.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/italian_tarp.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/italian_tarp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/italian_tarp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/italian_tarp.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/italian_tarp.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/italian_tarp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/italian_tarp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/italian_tarp.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/italian_tarp.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/italian_tarp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/italian_tarp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/christmas/italian_tarp.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/christmas/italian_tarp.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/record1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/record1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/record1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/record2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/record2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/record2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/record3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/record3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/record3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/record4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/record4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/record4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/trigger.png: 288 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/trigger.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1rt.tga: 71518 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1bk.tga: 86934 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1lf.tga: 77122 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1ft.tga: 106050 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1up.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1up.tga: 97286 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1dn.tga: 7742 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/wind01.wav: 66512 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/funionz/smoke.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/funionz/smoke.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/funionz/smoke.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/nav/xmasjew.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/nav/xmasjew.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/nav/xmasjew.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/funionz/ymca.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/funionz/ymca.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/funionz/ymca.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/funionz/crowdpeopletalk.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/funionz/crowdpeopletalk.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/funionz/crowdpeopletalk.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/funionz/rockin.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/funionz/rockin.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/funionz/rockin.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/funionz/gospel.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/funionz/gospel.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/funionz/gospel.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/funionz/tomato.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/funionz/tomato.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/funionz/tomato.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/funionz/dogbarking.wav: 643302 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/christmas.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/christmas.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/christmas.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/christmas.cfg: 34 bytes
Execing cfg/christmas.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/christmas.txt: 0 bytes
