open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/origin.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday1bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday1bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/dday1bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday1bh.pcx: 116200 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/teams/usa.pcx: 1879 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/teams/grm.pcx: 1940 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Winters connected.
Franz connected.
Blithe connected.
PolkaBOT connected.
Speirs connected.
Lars connected.
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/dday1bh.cfg: 29 bytes
Execing cfg/dday1bh.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/dday1bh.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/dday1bh.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/dbattle.bsp: 1618772 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: dbattle
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/dbattle.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/dbattle.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/dbattle.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for dbattle.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/dbattle.pcx...error.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: dbattle
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Afrika Dune Battle - By FuNiOnZ
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandyx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/genwood6.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez2/wood5.wal: 65380 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/navarone/wtr4.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/axiscomplex/metal_gray.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/stucco1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rug192256a.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez2/wood6.wal: 65380 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rug160256a.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rug160256b.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rug160256c.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dunes/stucco1.wal: 23900 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/marble1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/produce.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/tan.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/axiscomplex/chrome_shiny.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/axiscomplex/steel.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dunes/palmtrunk.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dunes/palmfrond.wal: 44980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/trans.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jestest2/wdslat2.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dunes/stucco2.wal: 23900 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jestest2/greywd.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_trimx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/gwall.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/conc3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/clip.wal: 1460 bytes
build_surface_light: bad surface extents
build_surface_light: bad surface extents
build_surface_light: bad surface extents
build_surface_light: bad surface extents
build_surface_light: bad surface extents
build_surface_light: bad surface extents
build_surface_light: bad surface extents
build_surface_light: bad surface extents
build_surface_light: bad surface extents
build_surface_light: bad surface extents
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1rt.tga: 71518 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1bk.tga: 86934 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1lf.tga: 77122 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1ft.tga: 106050 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1up.tga: 97286 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1dn.tga: 7742 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dunes/202_drums.wav: 705708 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dbattle.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dbattle.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/dbattle.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/teams/usa.pcx: 1879 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/teams/grm.pcx: 1940 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/dbattle.cfg: 30 bytes
Execing cfg/dbattle.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/dbattle.txt: 0 bytes
