open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint04.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint04.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint04.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint04.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint04.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window63.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window63.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window63.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window63.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window99.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday2bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday2bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/dday2bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday2bh.pcx: 116200 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/teams/usa.pcx: 1879 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/teams/grm.pcx: 1940 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Jim connected.
BOTskrieg connected.
Audie connected.
Frederick connected.
SaBOTeur connected.
VolksBOT connected.
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/dday2bh.cfg: 32 bytes
Execing cfg/dday2bh.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/dday2bh.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/dday2bh.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/dday2012-2.bsp: 1033040 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: dday2012-2
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/dday2012-2.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/dday2012-2.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/dday2012-2.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for dday2012-2.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/dday2012-2.pcx...error.
sound is not a field
sound is not a field
sound is not a field
sound is not a field
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: dday2012-2
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Operation Neptune
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/shpside.wal: 20500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/gn.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/doorbot.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b7.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/wl2.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/wl1.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/shflr2.wal: 20500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/flat1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/grnx2_8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/wd2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/net2.wal: 3160 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_metal5.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_black.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dunkirk/caution1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/wl5.wal: 3160 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/flgrv.wal: 8600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/flg.wal: 8600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_panel.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/crt2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/crt1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/box1_3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/winter/water.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/cabnt1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/red1_2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/p_tub2_1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/window1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/brl1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/red1_4.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/pip02_1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/pipe1_2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/pip02_6.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/pip02_5.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/barrel.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/ceil1_2.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/wd1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cement.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/grnx2_9.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/p_tub1_1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/stairs1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/metal1_4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_track2.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/shutl22_3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/grate2_3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/lever2.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/crn1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/mtlwl1.wal: 8600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/clng1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/wl3.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/shflr1.wal: 20500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/metals_1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/wl4.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/wl4rr.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/support1_1.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/support1_6.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/shutl21_1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_grnd2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/grate1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/alliship.wal: 8600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/map1.wal: 8600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/pstr1.wal: 21520 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/pln1.wal: 8600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/pln2.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/tr1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/refdr3_1.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/skip.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/tris.md2: 980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/skin.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntrt.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntbk.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntlf.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntft.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntup.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntdn.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_strt.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_mid.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_end.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday2012-2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday2012-2.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/dday2012-2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/teams/usa.pcx: 1879 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/teams/grm.pcx: 1940 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/dday2012-2.cfg: 28 bytes
Execing cfg/dday2012-2.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/dday2012-2.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/dday2012-2.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/dday1v.bsp: 1198324 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: dday1v
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/dday1v.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/dday1v.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/dday1v.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for dday1v.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/dday1v.pcx...done.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: dday1v
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Dog Green Exit: Vierville-sur-Mer  by Jim Dunlop
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/epicerie.wal: 6900 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b6.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/medbrick1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/clip.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/damage1_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdwal05.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/stndgls.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bricks7.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandy.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_grass2road.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/grass1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cement1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_rockbtm.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wall18.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/tunnel.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sidewlk1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/tutor1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/tutor2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/white_wall.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/tutor3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a1.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a2.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wallruff.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/wallruffhole.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_rock1.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandyrockboard.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandyrock.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag2.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag4.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood4.wal: 7240 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cindervine.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bricks2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/stonecobl.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/grass1_8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a12.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/colhous2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/build2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/stucco1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build4.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/citlit1_4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bedsheet2.wal: 13700 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/boards.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/table.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_boxsd.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_bkend.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mtlpanel.wal: 17100 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_terra4.wal: 3160 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b12.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_brick2stuck.wal: 21860 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bldng11.wal: 54500 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_window3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bldng14.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_door2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/colbldg2.wal: 65380 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rockbest.wal: 81700 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_checker3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wall1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rtile.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdwal06.wal: 130660 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdwal07.wal: 130660 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/hedge.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/pipesmth.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/minen.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdpic.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wood1.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_box.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_boxtop.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_lightshade.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wdfence.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/axis_4.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/axis_1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_bkup.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/timpod.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/cafewin.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a14.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a9.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a15.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/window1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_formica1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/mr_carpet2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/grnx2_7.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/brick_wall1.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bedsheet.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood14.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/einvolk.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/metal_2.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a13.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/crate2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/bucheri1.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/bed01_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_tableside.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/hotel_emtpy.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_tabletop.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_wine.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_bkfnt.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/produce.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/blumens.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/blumen.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/trigger.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/genwood6.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/origin.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/rmetal6_1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/seart.tga: 167734 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/seabk.tga: 183504 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/sealf.tga: 188903 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/seaft.tga: 172523 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/seaup.tga: 149805 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/seadn.tga: 175809 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/battle1.wav: 621612 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/viervill/sprfind3.wav: 3506220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/beach/ocean.wav: 494588 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/ccro1.wav: 115556 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/drip_amb.wav: 420508 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/5insx.wav: 54998 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/bomb.wav: 38060 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday1v.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday1v.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/dday1v.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday1v.pcx: 22882 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/teams/usa.pcx: 1879 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/teams/grm.pcx: 1940 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/dday1v.cfg: 27 bytes
Execing cfg/dday1v.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/dday1v.txt: 0 bytes
