open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/mov_watr.wav: 88250 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/pump2.wav: 58988 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/stp_watr.wav: 46612 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday5bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday5bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/dday5bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday5bh.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday5bh.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/dday5bh.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday5bh.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday5bh.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/dday5bh.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday5bh.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday5bh.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/dday5bh.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday5bh.pcx: 116200 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
saBOTage connected.
Adolf connected.
saBOTage joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_sniper.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_sniper.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_sniper.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_sniper.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_sniper.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_sniper.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_sniper.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_sniper.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_sniper.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/class_sniper.pcx: 98434 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/weapon.md2: 15904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_sniper_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_sniper_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_sniper_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_sniper_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_sniper_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_sniper_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_sniper_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_sniper_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_sniper_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_sniper_i.pcx: 2165 bytes
Adolf joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_special.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_special.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_special.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/class_special.pcx: 79831 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_special_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_special_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_special_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/players/grm/class_special_i.pcx: 1940 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak1.pak/sound/usa/shout/move2.wav: 63488 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/dday5bh.cfg: 27 bytes
Execing cfg/dday5bh.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/dday5bh.txt: 0 bytes
