open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door55.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door55.tga: 211925 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door55.wal: 70820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window63.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window63.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window63.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window63.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window61.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window61.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window61.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window61.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window61.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window61.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window61.tga: 48417 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window61.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build196.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build196.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build196.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build196.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build196.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build196.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build196.tga: 195717 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build196.wal: 65380 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light13.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light13.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light13.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light13.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light13.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light13.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light13.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light13.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light13.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light13.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light13.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light13.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light13.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light13.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light13.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light13.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light13.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light13.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light13.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light13.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light13.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light13.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light13.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light13.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light13.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light13.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light13.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window33.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday2/france.wav: 279564 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday2bhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday2bhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/dday2bhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday2bhv2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday2bhv2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/dday2bhv2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday2bhv2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday2bhv2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/dday2bhv2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday2bhv2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday2bhv2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/dday2bhv2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday2bhv2.pcx: 116200 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Dipsymama connected.
VolksBOT connected.
Dipsymama joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_officer.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_officer.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_officer.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_officer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_officer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_officer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_officer.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_officer.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_officer.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/class_officer.pcx: 98437 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/weapon.md2: 15904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_officer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_officer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_officer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_officer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_officer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_officer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_officer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_officer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_officer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_officer_i.pcx: 2165 bytes
VolksBOT joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_sniper.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_sniper.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_sniper.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_sniper.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_sniper.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_sniper.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_sniper.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_sniper.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_sniper.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/class_sniper.pcx: 95071 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_sniper_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_sniper_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_sniper_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_sniper_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_sniper_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_sniper_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_sniper_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_sniper_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_sniper_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/players/grm/class_sniper_i.pcx: 1940 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak1.pak/sound/usa/shout/attack1.wav: 15372 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/dday2bhv2.cfg: 29 bytes
Execing cfg/dday2bhv2.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/dday2bhv2.txt: 0 bytes
