directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/bombermetal1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door69.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal70.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal70.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/mov_watr.wav: 88250 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/pump2.wav: 58988 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/stp_watr.wav: 46612 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday5bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday5bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/dday5bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday5bh.pcx: 116200 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Jim connected.
Goebbels connected.
Audie connected.
Adolf connected.
Eisenhower connected.
Niels connected.
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/dday5bh.cfg: 27 bytes
Execing cfg/dday5bh.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/dday5bh.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/dday5bh.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/dday4.bsp: 1405876 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: dday4
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/dday4.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/dday4.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/dday4.ent: No such file or directory
dday4.ent Loaded
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/dday4.pcx...done.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: dday4
dday4.cmp Loaded
-------------------------------------
       : AI: Nodes Initialized.
       : loaded nodes:158.
       : added nodes:10.
       : total nodes:168.
       : loaded links:453.
       : added links:29.
       : added jump links:0.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Dinant River Bridge
Designed by The Sarge
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag4.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/clip.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mount1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cement1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/dirtx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/grass2sand.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/0798water.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandygrassx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/white_wall.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rockbest.wal: 81700 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/street1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wood1.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dinant/dinant.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dinant/sarge.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rooftop1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sand.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_brick2stuck.wal: 21860 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_brickbtm.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/woodweth.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_boxtop.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_box.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_boxsd.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rtile.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bricksm1.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bricksm4.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/marble1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_floor10.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brickruf.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood17.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood16.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wdfence.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood14.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/grass1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/hedge.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rock.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/colhous2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/colhous3.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rockwal2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/costore1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bricksm5.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/cobldg6.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/ladder.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/mr_carpet2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/pipesmth.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/build1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/portapt.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/metalx.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wallruff.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/wallruff_darkest.wal: 87140 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/wallruff_darker.wal: 87140 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/seawall.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandyrockx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/straw.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag2.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/ohouse1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a1.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/0598dirty.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/wallruffhole.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rfbrdr2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/ohouse3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_windowlip.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/trk_pipe.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_grass2road.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/barb2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_canvas.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_side.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/machine_round_side.wal: 1460 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dinant/tnk_one.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/metaltrim_horiz.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dinant/side_dark.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dinant/tnk_belt.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dinant/tracks.wal: 6900 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_axle.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile8dark.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/shutter.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/staing2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/staing3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/window3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/sarge1/p51-stripes.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_formica3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1rt.tga: 71518 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1bk.tga: 86934 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1lf.tga: 77122 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1ft.tga: 106050 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1up.tga: 97286 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1dn.tga: 7742 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/bomb.wav: 38060 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/explosion.wav: 36534 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/misc/trigger1.wav: 4618 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/targdest.wav: 29844 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dinant/water.wav: 88114 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dinant/battle1b.wav: 284894 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dinant/flyby.wav: 85430 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday2/bell.wav: 147178 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dinant/tank.wav: 16748 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dinant/ariqmbg.wav: 352844 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/amb10.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday4.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday4.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/dday4.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday4.pcx: 37987 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Niels connected.
VerBOTen connected.
Adolf connected.
PolkaBOT connected.
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/dday4.cfg: 381 bytes
Execing cfg/dday4.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/dday4.txt: 0 bytes
