directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal95.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal95.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement31.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement31.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement31.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement31.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement31.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement31.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement31.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement31.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement31.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement31.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement31.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement31.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement31.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement31.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement31.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement31.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement31.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement31.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement31.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement31.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement31.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement31.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement31.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement31.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door60.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement31.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement31.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement31.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement31.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement31.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement31.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement31.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement31.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement31.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement31.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement31.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement31.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement31.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement31.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement31.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement31.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement31.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement31.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement31.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement31.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement31.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement31.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement31.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement31.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_rt.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_bk.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_lf.tga: 197147 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_ft.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_up.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_dn.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/afrowuk/afrow_windy.wav: 64262 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/afrowuk/afrow_snow_amb.wav: 2050820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday5bhv3.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday5bhv3.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/dday5bhv3.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday5bhv3.pcx: 116200 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
saBOTage connected.
Rommel connected.
Bob connected.
BOTskrieg connected.
Patton connected.
Frederick connected.
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/dday5bhv3.cfg: 31 bytes
Execing cfg/dday5bhv3.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/dday5bhv3.txt: 0 bytes
