open_file_read: textures/cs/-2sand_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/-2sand_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/-2sand_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/-2sand_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/-2sand_hy1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/clip.png: 246 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/clip.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_02_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_02_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_02_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_02_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_02_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_02_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_02_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_02_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_02_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_02_hy1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_cr01_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_cr01_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_cr01_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_cr01_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_cr01_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_cr01_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_cr01_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_cr01_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_cr01_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_cr01_hy1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_cr02_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_cr02_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_cr02_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_cr02_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_cr02_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_cr02_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_cr02_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_cr02_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_cr02_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_cr02_hy1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_wood02_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_wood02_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_wood02_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_wood02_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_wood02_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_wood02_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_wood02_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_wood02_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_wood02_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_wood02_hy1.wal: 51100 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_cp_v5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_cp_v5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_cp_v5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_cp_v5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_cp_v5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_cp_v5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_cp_v5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_cp_v5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_cp_v5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_cp_v5.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/tsibeam_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/tsibeam_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/tsibeam_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/tsibeam_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/tsibeam_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/tsibeam_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/tsibeam_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/tsibeam_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/tsibeam_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/tsibeam_hy1.wal: 7580 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/generic64b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/generic64b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/generic64b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/generic64b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/generic64b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/generic64b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/generic64b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/generic64b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/generic64b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/generic64b.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/oldwood.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/oldwood.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/oldwood.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/oldwood.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/oldwood.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/oldwood.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/oldwood.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/oldwood.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/oldwood.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/oldwood.wal: 27300 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/shutteredwindow_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/shutteredwindow_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/shutteredwindow_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/shutteredwindow_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/shutteredwindow_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/shutteredwindow_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/shutteredwindow_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/shutteredwindow_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/shutteredwindow_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/shutteredwindow_hy1.wal: 15400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_m12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_m12.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/common/li_sr_m12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_m12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_m12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/common/li_sr_m12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_m12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_m12.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/common/li_sr_m12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_m12.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_cp_v3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_cp_v3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_cp_v3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_cp_v3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_cp_v3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_cp_v3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_cp_v3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_cp_v3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_cp_v3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_cp_v3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m4a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m4a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m4a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m4a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m4a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m4a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m4a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m4a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m4a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m4a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_f01_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_f01_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_f01_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_f01_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_f01_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_f01_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_f01_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_f01_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_f01_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_f01_hy1.wal: 59940 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/bestpicever.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/bestpicever.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/bestpicever.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/bestpicever.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/bestpicever.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/bestpicever.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/bestpicever.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/bestpicever.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/bestpicever.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/bestpicever.wal: 40900 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/tnnl_lgt1_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/tnnl_lgt1_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/tnnl_lgt1_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/tnnl_lgt1_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/tnnl_lgt1_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/tnnl_lgt1_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/tnnl_lgt1_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/tnnl_lgt1_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/tnnl_lgt1_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/tnnl_lgt1_hy1.wal: 2140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/black.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/black.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/black.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/black.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/black.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/black.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/black.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/black.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/black.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/black.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_d02_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_d02_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_d02_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_d02_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_d02_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_d02_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_d02_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_d02_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_d02_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_d02_hy1.wal: 40900 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_d01_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_d01_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_d01_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_d01_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_d01_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_d01_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_d01_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_d01_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_d01_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_d01_hy1.wal: 40900 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/castflt_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/castflt_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/castflt_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/castflt_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/castflt_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/castflt_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/castflt_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/castflt_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/castflt_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/castflt_hy1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/0_hint.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/0_hint.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/common/0_hint.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/0_hint.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/0_hint.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/common/0_hint.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/0_hint.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/0_hint.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/common/0_hint.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/0_hint.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/clear.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/clear.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/clear.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/clear.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/clear.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/clear.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/clear.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/clear.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/clear.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/clear.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/{rustyrungs_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/{rustyrungs_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/{rustyrungs_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/{rustyrungs_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/{rustyrungs_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/{rustyrungs_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/{rustyrungs_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/{rustyrungs_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/{rustyrungs_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/{rustyrungs_hy1.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/rock_gr2_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/rock_gr2_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/rock_gr2_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/rock_gr2_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/rock_gr2_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/rock_gr2_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/rock_gr2_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/rock_gr2_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/rock_gr2_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/rock_gr2_hy1.wal: 27300 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/olddoor.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/olddoor.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/olddoor.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/olddoor.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/olddoor.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/olddoor.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/olddoor.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/olddoor.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/olddoor.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/olddoor.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_03_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_03_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_03_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_03_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_03_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_03_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_03_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_03_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_03_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_03_hy1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_v41.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_v41.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/common/li_sr_v41.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_v41.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_v41.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/common/li_sr_v41.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_v41.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_v41.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/common/li_sr_v41.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_v41.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/claytile1_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/claytile1_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/claytile1_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/claytile1_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/claytile1_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/claytile1_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/claytile1_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/claytile1_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/claytile1_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/claytile1_hy1.wal: 34100 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_01_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_01_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_01_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_01_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_01_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_01_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_01_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_01_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_01_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_01_hy1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/fence_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/fence_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/fence_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/fence_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/fence_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/fence_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/fence_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/fence_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/fence_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/fence_hy1.wal: 56200 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/0_skip.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/0_skip.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/common/0_skip.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/0_skip.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/0_skip.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/common/0_skip.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/0_skip.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/0_skip.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/common/0_skip.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/0_skip.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/{winerack2_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/{winerack2_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/{winerack2_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/{winerack2_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/{winerack2_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/{winerack2_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/{winerack2_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/{winerack2_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/{winerack2_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/{winerack2_hy1.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_02p2_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_02p2_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_02p2_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_02p2_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_02p2_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_02p2_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_02p2_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_02p2_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_02p2_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_02p2_hy1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/generic64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/generic64.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/generic64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/generic64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/generic64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/generic64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/generic64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/generic64.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/generic64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/generic64.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/{cailadder_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/{cailadder_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/{cailadder_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/{cailadder_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/{cailadder_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/{cailadder_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/{cailadder_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/{cailadder_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/{cailadder_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/{cailadder_hy1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/{branch1_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/{branch1_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/{branch1_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/{branch1_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/{branch1_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/{branch1_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/{branch1_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/{branch1_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/{branch1_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/{branch1_hy1.wal: 49060 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/c1a4tnnl1c_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/c1a4tnnl1c_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/c1a4tnnl1c_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/c1a4tnnl1c_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/c1a4tnnl1c_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/c1a4tnnl1c_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/c1a4tnnl1c_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/c1a4tnnl1c_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/c1a4tnnl1c_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/c1a4tnnl1c_hy1.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_gulli01_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_gulli01_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_gulli01_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_gulli01_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_gulli01_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_gulli01_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_gulli01_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_gulli01_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_gulli01_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_gulli01_hy1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/carp4_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/carp4_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/carp4_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/carp4_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/carp4_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/carp4_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/carp4_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/carp4_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/carp4_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/carp4_hy1.wal: 18460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/cstlgrass_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/cstlgrass_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/cstlgrass_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/cstlgrass_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/cstlgrass_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/cstlgrass_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/cstlgrass_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/cstlgrass_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/cstlgrass_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/cstlgrass_hy1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_02p3_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_02p3_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_02p3_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_02p3_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_02p3_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_02p3_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_02p3_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_02p3_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_02p3_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_02p3_hy1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_wood01_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_wood01_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_wood01_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_wood01_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_wood01_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_wood01_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_wood01_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_wood01_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/at_wood01_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/at_wood01_hy1.wal: 51100 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/bookcase01_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/bookcase01_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/bookcase01_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/bookcase01_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/bookcase01_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/bookcase01_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/bookcase01_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/bookcase01_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/bookcase01_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/bookcase01_hy1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/floweredwindow.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/floweredwindow.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/floweredwindow.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/floweredwindow.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/floweredwindow.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/floweredwindow.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/floweredwindow.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/floweredwindow.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/floweredwindow.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/floweredwindow.wal: 5200 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl_out2/out_w8dr1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl_out2/out_w8dr1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl_out2/out_w8dr1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl_out2/out_w8dr1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl_out2/out_w8dr1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl_out2/out_w8dr1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl_out2/out_w8dr1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl_out2/out_w8dr1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl_out2/out_w8dr1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl_out2/out_w8dr1.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/bookcase02_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/bookcase02_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/bookcase02_hy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/bookcase02_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/bookcase02_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/bookcase02_hy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/bookcase02_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/bookcase02_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cs/bookcase02_hy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cs/bookcase02_hy1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/newstuff/rope.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/newstuff/rope.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/newstuff/rope.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/newstuff/rope.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/newstuff/rope.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/newstuff/rope.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/newstuff/rope.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/newstuff/rope.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/newstuff/rope.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/newstuff/rope.wal: 780 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v4.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl_water/water2c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl_water/water2c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl_water/water2c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl_water/water2c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl_water/water2c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl_water/water2c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl_water/water2c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl_water/water2c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl_water/water2c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl_water/water2c.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wolf/ametal_m02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wolf/ametal_m02.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wolf/ametal_m02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wolf/ametal_m02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wolf/ametal_m02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wolf/ametal_m02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wolf/ametal_m02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wolf/ametal_m02.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wolf/ametal_m02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wolf/ametal_m02.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/c_sr_mb2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/c_sr_mb2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/c_sr_mb2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/c_sr_mb2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/c_sr_mb2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/c_sr_mb2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/c_sr_mb2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/c_sr_mb2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/c_sr_mb2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/c_sr_mb2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/c_mf_v3d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/c_mf_v3d.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/c_mf_v3d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/c_mf_v3d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/c_mf_v3d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/c_mf_v3d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/c_mf_v3d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/c_mf_v3d.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/c_mf_v3d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/c_mf_v3d.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_m19a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_m19a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/common/li_sr_m19a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_m19a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_m19a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/common/li_sr_m19a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_m19a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_m19a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/common/li_sr_m19a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_m19a.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/c_mf_v3c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/c_mf_v3c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/c_mf_v3c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/c_mf_v3c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/c_mf_v3c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/c_mf_v3c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/c_mf_v3c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/c_mf_v3c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/c_mf_v3c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/c_mf_v3c.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/origin.png: 254 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/origin.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntrt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntrt.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntbk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntbk.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntlf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntlf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntlf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntlf.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntft.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntup.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntup.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntdn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntdn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntdn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntdn.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/amb_wind.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/amb_wind.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/world/amb_wind.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/switches/butn2.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/cricket.wav: 6288 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/drips.wav: 80710 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday_espana.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday_espana.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/dday_espana.loc: No such file or directory
unnamed is now an Observer.
Type "Observer" to leave observer mode.
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/dday_espana.cfg: 31 bytes
Execing cfg/dday_espana.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/dday_espana.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/dday_espana.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/ddaydeset.bsp: 366864 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: ddaydeset
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/ddaydeset.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/ddaydeset.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/ddaydeset.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for ddaydeset.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/ddaydeset.pcx...error.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: ddaydeset
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




ddaydeset
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/sky1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/sky1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/sky1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/sky1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/sky1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/sky1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/sky1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/sky1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/sky1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/grass1_3.png: 6287 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/grass1_3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/bricks2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/bricks2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/perez/bricks2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/bricks2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/bricks2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/perez/bricks2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/bricks2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/bricks2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/perez/bricks2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/bricks2.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/brickwall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/brickwall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/perez/brickwall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/brickwall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/brickwall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/perez/brickwall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/brickwall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/brickwall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/perez/brickwall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/brickwall1.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/ik_floor_wood128a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/ik_floor_wood128a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/ik_floor_wood128a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/ik_floor_wood128a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/ik_floor_wood128a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/ik_floor_wood128a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/ik_floor_wood128a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/ik_floor_wood128a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/ik_floor_wood128a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/ik_floor_wood128a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex2.png: 380198 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cratex2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/brnrock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/brnrock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/brnrock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/brnrock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/brnrock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/brnrock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/brnrock.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/brnrock.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/brnrock.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/brnrock.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/bricks1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/bricks1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/perez/bricks1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/bricks1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/bricks1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/perez/bricks1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/bricks1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/bricks1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/perez/bricks1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/bricks1.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/sky1.png: 685 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/underwater.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/underwater.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/underwater.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/underwater.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/underwater.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/underwater.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/underwater.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/underwater.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/underwater.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/underwater.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/mud1_1.png: 2774 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/mud1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile10.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile10.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile10.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxsd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxsd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxsd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_boxsd.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/woodsmooth.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/woodsmooth.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/woodsmooth.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/woodsmooth.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/woodsmooth.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/woodsmooth.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/woodsmooth.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/woodsmooth.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/woodsmooth.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/woodsmooth.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner/tris.md2: 13428 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/banner/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/banner/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/banner/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner/skin.pcx: 48517 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_rt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_rt.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_bk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_bk.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_lf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_lf.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_ft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_ft.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_up.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_up.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_dn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_dn.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/ddaydeset.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/ddaydeset.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/ddaydeset.loc: No such file or directory
unnamed is now an Observer.
Type "Observer" to leave observer mode.
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/ddaydeset.cfg: 32 bytes
Execing cfg/ddaydeset.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/ddaydeset.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/ddaydeset.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/ddaydeset2.bsp: 1230384 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: ddaydeset2
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/ddaydeset2.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/ddaydeset2.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/ddaydeset2.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for ddaydeset2.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/ddaydeset2.pcx...error.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: ddaydeset2
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Bloody Trench (v2.0) 
 By (HJ)Vs.Heydrich
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/wd_sr_m11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/wd_sr_m11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/wd_sr_m11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/wd_sr_m11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/wd_sr_m11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/wd_sr_m11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/wd_sr_m11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/wd_sr_m11.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/wd_sr_m11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/wd_sr_m11.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/dirtx2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/dirtx2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/dirtx2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/dirtx2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/dirtx2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/dirtx2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/dirtx2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/dirtx2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/dirtx2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/dirtx2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/Valley1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/Valley1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/Valley1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/Valley1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/Valley1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/Valley1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1rt.tga: 206962 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/Valley1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/Valley1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/Valley1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/Valley1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/Valley1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/Valley1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1bk.tga: 196222 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/Valley1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/Valley1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/Valley1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/Valley1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/Valley1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/Valley1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1lf.tga: 205806 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/Valley1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/Valley1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/Valley1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/Valley1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/Valley1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/Valley1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1ft.tga: 203906 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/Valley1up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/Valley1up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1up.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/Valley1up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/Valley1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/Valley1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/Valley1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1up.tga: 214582 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/Valley1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/Valley1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/Valley1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/Valley1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/Valley1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/Valley1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1dn.tga: 155902 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/ddaydeset2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/ddaydeset2.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/ddaydeset2.loc: No such file or directory
unnamed is now an Observer.
Type "Observer" to leave observer mode.
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/ddaydeset2.cfg: 35 bytes
Execing cfg/ddaydeset2.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/ddaydeset2.txt: 0 bytes
