open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window136.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window136.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window136.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window136.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window136.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window136.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window136.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window136.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window136.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window136.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window136.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window136.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window136.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window136.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window136.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window136.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window136.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window136.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window136.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window136.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window136.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window136.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window136.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window136.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window136.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window136.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window136.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window136.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window136.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window136.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window136.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window136.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window136.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window136.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window136.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window136.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass18.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass18.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass18.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass18.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass18.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass18.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass18.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass18.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass18.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass18.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass18.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass18.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood60.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood60.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood60.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood60.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood60.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood60.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood60.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood60.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood60.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood60.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood60.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood60.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday4bhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday4bhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/dday4bhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday4bhv2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday4bhv2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/dday4bhv2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday4bhv2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday4bhv2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/dday4bhv2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday4bhv2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday4bhv2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/dday4bhv2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday4bhv2.pcx: 116200 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Speirs connected.
Niels connected.
Niels joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_officer.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_officer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_officer.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/class_officer.pcx: 83093 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_officer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_officer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_officer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/players/grm/class_officer_i.pcx: 1940 bytes
Speirs joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_infantry.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_infantry.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_infantry.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_infantry.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_infantry.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_infantry.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_infantry.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_infantry.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_infantry.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/class_infantry.pcx: 100408 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/weapon.md2: 15904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_infantry_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_infantry_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_infantry_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_infantry_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_infantry_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_infantry_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_infantry_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_infantry_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_infantry_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_infantry_i.pcx: 2165 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak1.pak/sound/usa/shout/attack1.wav: 15372 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/dday4bhv2.cfg: 29 bytes
Execing cfg/dday4bhv2.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/dday4bhv2.txt: 0 bytes
