open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light10.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light10.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light10.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light10.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.wal: 1048620 bytes
Couldn't load textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.wal: Invalid file format
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.wal: 1048620 bytes
Couldn't load textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.wal: Invalid file format
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.wal: 1048620 bytes
Couldn't load textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.wal: Invalid file format
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.wal: 1048620 bytes
Couldn't load textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.wal: Invalid file format
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.wal: 1048620 bytes
Couldn't load textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.wal: Invalid file format
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday1bhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday1bhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/dday1bhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday1bhv2.pcx: 116200 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/dday1bhv2.cfg: 29 bytes
Execing cfg/dday1bhv2.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/dday1bhv2.txt: 0 bytes
