open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint04.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint04.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint04.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint04.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint04.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window63.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window63.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window63.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window63.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window99.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window99.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window99.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window99.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window99.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window99.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window99.tga: 247420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window99.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday2bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday2bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/dday2bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday2bh.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday2bh.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/dday2bh.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday2bh.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday2bh.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/dday2bh.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday2bh.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday2bh.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/dday2bh.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday2bh.pcx: 116200 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Dimferno connected.
BOTskrieg connected.
Dimferno joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_special.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_special.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_special.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_special.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_special.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_special.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_special.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_special.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_special.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/class_special.pcx: 104115 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/weapon.md2: 15904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_special_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_special_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_special_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_special_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_special_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_special_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_special_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_special_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_special_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_special_i.pcx: 2165 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/chute/tris.md2: 6700 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/chute/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/chute/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/chute/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/chute/skin.jpg: 128620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/chute/skin.pcx: 43675 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/flag.wav: 311668 bytes
BOTskrieg joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_hmg.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_hmg.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_hmg.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_hmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_hmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_hmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_hmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_hmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_hmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/class_hmg.pcx: 96053 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_hmg_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_hmg_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_hmg_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_hmg_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_hmg_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_hmg_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_hmg_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_hmg_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_hmg_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/players/grm/class_hmg_i.pcx: 1940 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak1.pak/sound/grm/shout/attack1.wav: 15148 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/dday2bh.cfg: 32 bytes
Execing cfg/dday2bh.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/dday2bh.txt: 0 bytes
