open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brickm04.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood69.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop46.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop46.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop46.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop46.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop46.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop46.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop46.tga: 130575 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop46.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/doorm09.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/doorm09.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/doorm09.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/doorm09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/doorm09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/doorm09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/doorm09.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/doorm09.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/doorm09.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/doorm09.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/doorm09.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/doorm09.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/groundm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday3bhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday3bhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/dday3bhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday3bhv2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday3bhv2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/dday3bhv2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday3bhv2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday3bhv2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/dday3bhv2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday3bhv2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday3bhv2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/dday3bhv2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday3bhv2.pcx: 116200 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Jim connected.
VerBOTen connected.
VerBOTen joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_engineer.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_engineer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_engineer.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/class_engineer.pcx: 95786 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_engineer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_engineer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_engineer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/players/grm/class_engineer_i.pcx: 1940 bytes
Jim joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_medic.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_medic.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_medic.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_medic.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_medic.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_medic.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_medic.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_medic.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_medic.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/class_medic.pcx: 97364 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/weapon.md2: 15904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_medic_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_medic_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_medic_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_medic_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_medic_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_medic_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_medic_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_medic_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_medic_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_medic_i.pcx: 1615 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak1.pak/sound/grm/shout/move2.wav: 20684 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/dday3bhv2.cfg: 29 bytes
Execing cfg/dday3bhv2.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/dday3bhv2.txt: 0 bytes
