


city ambush - by the violator
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_WALLPAPER.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_wallpaper.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_WALLPAPER.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_wallpaper.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/DA_WALLPAPER.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_WALLPAPER.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_wallpaper.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_WALLPAPER.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_wallpaper.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/DA_WALLPAPER.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_WALLPAPER.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_wallpaper.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_WALLPAPER.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_wallpaper.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/DA_WALLPAPER.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_wallpaper.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/BUNKERWALL_LARGE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/bunkerwall_large.png: 96761 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/bunkerwall_large.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_FACADE2A.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_facade2a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_FACADE2A.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_facade2a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/DA_FACADE2A.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_FACADE2A.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_facade2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_FACADE2A.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_facade2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/DA_FACADE2A.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_FACADE2A.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_facade2a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_FACADE2A.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_facade2a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/DA_FACADE2A.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_facade2a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/BRICK1_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brick1_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/BRICK1_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brick1_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY3/BRICK1_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/BRICK1_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brick1_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/BRICK1_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brick1_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY3/BRICK1_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/BRICK1_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brick1_1.tga: 788721 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/brick1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a6.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/A6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/A6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a6.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/A6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a6.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/CINDERVINE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindervine.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/CINDERVINE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindervine.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/BEACH/CINDERVINE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/CINDERVINE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindervine.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/CINDERVINE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindervine.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/BEACH/CINDERVINE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/CINDERVINE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindervine.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/CINDERVINE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindervine.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/BEACH/CINDERVINE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cindervine.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_FACADE2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_facade2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_FACADE2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_facade2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/DA_FACADE2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_FACADE2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_facade2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_FACADE2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_facade2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/DA_FACADE2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_FACADE2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_facade2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_FACADE2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_facade2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/DA_FACADE2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_facade2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/SANDYGRASS.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandygrass.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/SANDYGRASS.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandygrass.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/BEACH/SANDYGRASS.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/SANDYGRASS.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandygrass.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/SANDYGRASS.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandygrass.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/BEACH/SANDYGRASS.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/SANDYGRASS.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandygrass.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/SANDYGRASS.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandygrass.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/BEACH/SANDYGRASS.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandygrass.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_FACADE1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_facade1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_FACADE1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_facade1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/DA_FACADE1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_FACADE1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_facade1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_FACADE1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_facade1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/DA_FACADE1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_FACADE1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_facade1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_FACADE1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_facade1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/DA_FACADE1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_facade1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROCK.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROCK.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/ROCK.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROCK.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROCK.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/ROCK.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROCK.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rock.tga: 787358 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rock.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/VLLCBBL2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllcbbl2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/VLLCBBL2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllcbbl2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/VLLCBBL2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/VLLCBBL2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllcbbl2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/VLLCBBL2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllcbbl2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/VLLCBBL2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/VLLCBBL2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllcbbl2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/VLLCBBL2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllcbbl2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/VLLCBBL2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/vllcbbl2.wal: 13700 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/A2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/A2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a2.tga: 99355 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a2.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/BUNKERWALL.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/bunkerwall.png: 96761 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/bunkerwall.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/BUNKERWALL_G1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/bunkerwall_g1.png: 96761 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/bunkerwall_g1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/CRATEX3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/CRATEX3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/BEACH/CRATEX3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/CRATEX3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/CRATEX3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/BEACH/CRATEX3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/CRATEX3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/CRATEX3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/BEACH/CRATEX3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cratex3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/BIRCK_WALL.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/birck_wall.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/BIRCK_WALL.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/birck_wall.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/BIRCK_WALL.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/BIRCK_WALL.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/birck_wall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/BIRCK_WALL.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/birck_wall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/BIRCK_WALL.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/BIRCK_WALL.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/birck_wall.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/BIRCK_WALL.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/birck_wall.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/BIRCK_WALL.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/birck_wall.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/VBVBRK.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vbvbrk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/VBVBRK.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vbvbrk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/VBVBRK.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/VBVBRK.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vbvbrk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/VBVBRK.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vbvbrk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/VBVBRK.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/VBVBRK.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vbvbrk.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/VBVBRK.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vbvbrk.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/VBVBRK.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/vbvbrk.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/A3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/A3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a3.tga: 197659 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a10.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/A10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/A10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a10.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/A10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a10.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MEDBRICK1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/medbrick1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MEDBRICK1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/medbrick1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MEDBRICK1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MEDBRICK1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/medbrick1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MEDBRICK1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/medbrick1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MEDBRICK1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MEDBRICK1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/medbrick1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MEDBRICK1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/medbrick1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MEDBRICK1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/medbrick1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROOFRCK1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/roofrck1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROOFRCK1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/roofrck1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/ROOFRCK1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROOFRCK1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/roofrck1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROOFRCK1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/roofrck1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/ROOFRCK1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROOFRCK1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/roofrck1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROOFRCK1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/roofrck1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/ROOFRCK1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/roofrck1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/CINDR4_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindr4_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/CINDR4_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindr4_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/BEACH/CINDR4_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/CINDR4_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindr4_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/CINDR4_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindr4_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/BEACH/CINDR4_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/CINDR4_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindr4_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/CINDR4_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindr4_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/BEACH/CINDR4_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cindr4_2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/CONCRETE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/CONCRETE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/CONCRETE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/CONCRETE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/CONCRETE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/CONCRETE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/CONCRETE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/CONCRETE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/CONCRETE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/concrete.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/WOOD_DOOR.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wood_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/WOOD_DOOR.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wood_door.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY3/WOOD_DOOR.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/WOOD_DOOR.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wood_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/WOOD_DOOR.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wood_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY3/WOOD_DOOR.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/WOOD_DOOR.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wood_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/WOOD_DOOR.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wood_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY3/WOOD_DOOR.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/wood_door.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/BR_TILES.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/BR_TILES.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/BR_TILES.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/BR_TILES.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/BR_TILES.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/BR_TILES.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/BR_TILES.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/BR_TILES.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/BR_TILES.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/br_tiles.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/B6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/B6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b6.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/B6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/B6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/B6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/B6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/B6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/B6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b6.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/B6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b6.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/VBROOFTILE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vbrooftile.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/VBROOFTILE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vbrooftile.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/VBROOFTILE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/VBROOFTILE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vbrooftile.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/VBROOFTILE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vbrooftile.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/VBROOFTILE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/VBROOFTILE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vbrooftile.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/VBROOFTILE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vbrooftile.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/VBROOFTILE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/vbrooftile.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/FACADE1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/facade1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/FACADE1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/facade1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/FACADE1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/FACADE1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/facade1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/FACADE1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/facade1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/FACADE1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/FACADE1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/facade1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/FACADE1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/facade1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/FACADE1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/facade1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/BUNKER_WALL2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bunker_wall2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/BUNKER_WALL2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bunker_wall2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY3/BUNKER_WALL2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/BUNKER_WALL2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bunker_wall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/BUNKER_WALL2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bunker_wall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY3/BUNKER_WALL2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/BUNKER_WALL2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bunker_wall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/BUNKER_WALL2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bunker_wall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY3/BUNKER_WALL2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/bunker_wall2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DOGVENBRICKIVY1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/dogvenbrickivy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DOGVENBRICKIVY1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/dogvenbrickivy1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/DOGVENBRICKIVY1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DOGVENBRICKIVY1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/dogvenbrickivy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DOGVENBRICKIVY1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/dogvenbrickivy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/DOGVENBRICKIVY1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DOGVENBRICKIVY1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/dogvenbrickivy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DOGVENBRICKIVY1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/dogvenbrickivy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/DOGVENBRICKIVY1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/dogvenbrickivy1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_WINDOW1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_WINDOW1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_WINDOW1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_WINDOW1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_WINDOW1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_WINDOW1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_WINDOW1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_WINDOW1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_WINDOW1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_window1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_BWALL1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_BWALL1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/DA_BWALL1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_BWALL1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1.jpg: 223314 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_bwall1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BLDNG11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BLDNG11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BLDNG11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BLDNG11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BLDNG11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BLDNG11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BLDNG11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BLDNG11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng11.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BLDNG11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bldng11.wal: 54500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_WINDOW3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_WINDOW3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_WINDOW3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_WINDOW3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_WINDOW3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_WINDOW3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_WINDOW3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_WINDOW3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_WINDOW3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_window3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/COLBLDG5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/COLBLDG5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/COLBLDG5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/COLBLDG5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/COLBLDG5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/COLBLDG5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/COLBLDG5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/COLBLDG5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/COLBLDG5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/colbldg5.wal: 54500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/CRATE1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/crate1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/CRATE1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/crate1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/CRATE1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/CRATE1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/crate1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/CRATE1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/crate1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/CRATE1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/CRATE1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/crate1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/CRATE1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/crate1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/CRATE1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/crate1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/BUNKWALL2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bunkwall2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/BUNKWALL2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bunkwall2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY3/BUNKWALL2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/BUNKWALL2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bunkwall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/BUNKWALL2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bunkwall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY3/BUNKWALL2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/BUNKWALL2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bunkwall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/BUNKWALL2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bunkwall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY3/BUNKWALL2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/bunkwall2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/BLUE_WALLZ.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/blue_wallz.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/BLUE_WALLZ.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/blue_wallz.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY3/BLUE_WALLZ.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/BLUE_WALLZ.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/blue_wallz.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/BLUE_WALLZ.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/blue_wallz.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY3/BLUE_WALLZ.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/BLUE_WALLZ.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/blue_wallz.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/BLUE_WALLZ.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/blue_wallz.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY3/BLUE_WALLZ.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/blue_wallz.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/EXTRA/SKY1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/sky1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/EXTRA/SKY1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/sky1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/EXTRA/SKY1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/EXTRA/SKY1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/sky1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/EXTRA/SKY1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/sky1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/EXTRA/SKY1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/EXTRA/SKY1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/sky1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/EXTRA/SKY1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/sky1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/EXTRA/SKY1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A15.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a15.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A15.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a15.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/A15.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/A15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A15.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a15.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A15.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a15.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/A15.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a15.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/EXTRA/CLIP.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/clip.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/EXTRA/CLIP.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/clip.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/EXTRA/CLIP.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/EXTRA/CLIP.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/clip.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/EXTRA/CLIP.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/clip.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/EXTRA/CLIP.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/EXTRA/CLIP.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/clip.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/EXTRA/CLIP.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/clip.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/EXTRA/CLIP.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/clip.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/tris.md2: 980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/debris1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/debris1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/debris1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/skin.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srrt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srrt.tga: 107010 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srbk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srbk.tga: 118770 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srlf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srlf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srlf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srlf.tga: 117266 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srft.tga: 116058 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srup.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srup.tga: 228498 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srdn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srdn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srdn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srdn.tga: 2066 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday2/france.wav: 279564 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/ddaycity_orig.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/ddaycity_orig.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/ddaycity_orig.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/ddaycity_orig.cfg: 27 bytes
Execing cfg/ddaycity_orig.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/ddaycity_orig.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/ddaycity_orig.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/dday6.bsp: 1002384 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: dday6
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/dday6.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/dday6.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/dday6.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for dday6.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/dday6.pcx...done.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: dday6
dday6.cmp Loaded
-------------------------------------
       : AI: Nodes Initialized.
       : loaded nodes:120.
       : added nodes:2.
       : total nodes:122.
       : loaded links:260.
       : added links:0.
       : added jump links:0.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
PowaBanga connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Somewhere in France: D-Day+4 *FINAL BETA*
Designed by !Wh33ty!
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/bluwter.png: 3014 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/bluwter.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/hedge.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/hedge.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/hedge.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/hedge.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/hedge.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/hedge.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/hedge.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/hedge.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/hedge.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/hedge.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/grass1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/grass1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/grass1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/grass1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/grass1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/grass1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/grass1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/grass1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/grass1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/grass1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag4.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_boxtop.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxsd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxsd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxsd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_boxsd.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday6/thanku.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday6/thanku.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday6/thanku.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday6/thanku.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday6/thanku.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday6/thanku.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday6/thanku.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday6/thanku.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday6/thanku.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday6/thanku.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b2.wal: 21520 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b2_a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b2_a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b2_a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b2_a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b2_a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b2_a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b2_a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b2_a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b2_a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b2_a.wal: 21520 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday6/hop1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday6/hop1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday6/hop1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday6/hop1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday6/hop1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday6/hop1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday6/hop1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday6/hop1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday6/hop1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday6/hop1.wal: 24580 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday6/hop2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday6/hop2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday6/hop2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday6/hop2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday6/hop2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday6/hop2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday6/hop2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday6/hop2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday6/hop2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday6/hop2.wal: 24580 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/clip.png: 246 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/clip.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/sky1.png: 685 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/damage1_1.png: 18713 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/damage1_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/btdoor_op.png: 1414 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/btdoor_op.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/sign_x.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/sign_x.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/sign_x.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/sign_x.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/sign_x.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/sign_x.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/sign_x.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/sign_x.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/sign_x.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/sign_x.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_box.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_box.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_box.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_box.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_box.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_box.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_box.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_box.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_box.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_box.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1rt.tga: 206962 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1bk.tga: 196222 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1lf.tga: 205806 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1ft.tga: 203906 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1up.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1up.tga: 214582 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1dn.tga: 155902 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/5insx.wav: 54998 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday6/gijoe.wav: 82252 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday6/info.wav: 61386 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday6/aintbag.wav: 22638 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday6.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday6.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/dday6.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday6.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/dday6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/dday6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday6.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/dday6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday6.pcx: 15794 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Speirs connected.
Erik connected.
Speirs joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_infantry.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_infantry.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_infantry.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_infantry.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_infantry.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_infantry.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_infantry.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_infantry.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_infantry.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/class_infantry.pcx: 100408 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/weapon.md2: 15904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_infantry_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_infantry_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_infantry_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_infantry_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_infantry_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_infantry_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_infantry_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_infantry_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_infantry_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_infantry_i.pcx: 2165 bytes
Erik joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_engineer.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_engineer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_engineer.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/class_engineer.pcx: 95786 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_engineer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_engineer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_engineer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/players/grm/class_engineer_i.pcx: 1940 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak1.pak/sound/usa/shout/move1.wav: 25260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/dday6.cfg: 30 bytes
Execing cfg/dday6.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/dday6.txt: 0 bytes
