open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint04.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint04.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint04.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint04.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint04.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface40.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window63.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window63.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window63.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window63.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window99.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement38.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday2bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday2bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/dday2bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday2bh.pcx: 116200 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/teams/usa.pcx: 1879 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/teams/grm.pcx: 1940 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Jim connected.
BOTskrieg connected.
Audie connected.
Frederick connected.
SaBOTeur connected.
VolksBOT connected.
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/dday2bh.cfg: 32 bytes
Execing cfg/dday2bh.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/dday2bh.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/dday2bh.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/dday2012-2.bsp: 1033040 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: dday2012-2
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/dday2012-2.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/dday2012-2.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/dday2012-2.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for dday2012-2.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/dday2012-2.pcx...error.
sound is not a field
sound is not a field
sound is not a field
sound is not a field
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: dday2012-2
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Operation Neptune
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/shpside.wal: 20500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/gn.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/doorbot.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b7.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/wl2.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/wl1.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/shflr2.wal: 20500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/flat1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/grnx2_8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/wd2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/net2.wal: 3160 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_metal5.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_black.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dunkirk/caution1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/wl5.wal: 3160 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/flgrv.wal: 8600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/flg.wal: 8600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_panel.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/crt2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/crt1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/box1_3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/winter/water.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/cabnt1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/red1_2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e1u1/wbasic1_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/p_tub2_1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/window1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/brl1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/red1_4.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/pip02_1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/pipe1_2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/pip02_6.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/pip02_5.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/barrel.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/ceil1_2.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/wd1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cement.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/grnx2_9.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/p_tub1_1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/stairs1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/metal1_4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_track2.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/shutl22_3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/grate2_3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/lever2.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/crn1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/mtlwl1.wal: 8600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/clng1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/wl3.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/shflr1.wal: 20500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/metals_1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/wl4.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/wl4rr.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/support1_1.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/support1_6.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/shutl21_1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_grnd2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/grate1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/alliship.wal: 8600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/map1.wal: 8600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/pstr1.wal: 21520 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/pln1.wal: 8600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/pln2.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/tr1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/refdr3_1.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/skip.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/tris.md2: 980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/skin.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntrt.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntbk.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntlf.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntft.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntup.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntdn.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_strt.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_mid.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_end.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday2012-2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday2012-2.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/dday2012-2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/teams/usa.pcx: 1879 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/teams/grm.pcx: 1940 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/dday2012-2.cfg: 28 bytes
Execing cfg/dday2012-2.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/dday2012-2.txt: 0 bytes
