open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light10.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light10.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light10.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light10.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light10.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.wal: 1048620 bytes
Couldn't load textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.wal: Invalid file format
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.wal: 1048620 bytes
Couldn't load textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.wal: Invalid file format
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.wal: 1048620 bytes
Couldn't load textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.wal: Invalid file format
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.wal: 1048620 bytes
Couldn't load textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.wal: Invalid file format
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.wal: 1048620 bytes
Couldn't load textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.wal: Invalid file format
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light10.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light10.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light10.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light10.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light10.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.wal: 1048620 bytes
Couldn't load textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.wal: Invalid file format
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.wal: 1048620 bytes
Couldn't load textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.wal: Invalid file format
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.wal: 1048620 bytes
Couldn't load textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.wal: Invalid file format
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.wal: 1048620 bytes
Couldn't load textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.wal: Invalid file format
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.wal: 1048620 bytes
Couldn't load textures/hires/lights/light_cover1.wal: Invalid file format
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/origin.png: 254 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/origin.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop04.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop04.tga: 241511 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop04.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye_side.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/bullseye.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement70.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement70.tga: 228120 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement70.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cerisy/rrock1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cerisy/rrock1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cerisy/rrock1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cerisy/rrock1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cerisy/rrock1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cerisy/rrock1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cerisy/rrock1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cerisy/rrock1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cerisy/rrock1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cerisy/rrock1_2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop94.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop94.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop94.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop94.tga: 130312 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop94.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: 153609 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop11.tga: 64428 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop11.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop12.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop12.tga: 64173 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop12.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/Crate3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/crate3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/Crate3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/crate3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/Crate3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/Crate3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/crate3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/Crate3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/crate3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/Crate3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/Crate3.tga: 32396 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/Crate3.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: 162685 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltoplongt2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltoplongt2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltoplongt2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltoplongt2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltoplongt2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltoplongt2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltoplongt2.tga: 23943 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltoplongt2.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday1bhv4.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday1bhv4.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/dday1bhv4.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday1bhv4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday1bhv4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/dday1bhv4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday1bhv4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday1bhv4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/dday1bhv4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday1bhv4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday1bhv4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/dday1bhv4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday1bhv4.pcx: 116200 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/dday1bhv4.cfg: 31 bytes
Execing cfg/dday1bhv4.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/dday1bhv4.txt: 0 bytes
