open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/amb10.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/desert1bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/desert1bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/desert1bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/desert1bh.pcx: 116200 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.pcx: 1613 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Sgt. Leper connected.
PolkaBOT connected.
Godfrey connected.
Frederick connected.
Jack connected.
VolksBOT connected.
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/desert1bh.cfg: 30 bytes
Execing cfg/desert1bh.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/desert1bh.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/desert1bh.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/derdday3.bsp: 1539564 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: derdday3
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/derdday3.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/derdday3.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/derdday3.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for derdday3.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/derdday3.pcx...done.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: derdday3
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Dinant River Country Side - By DERWOOD
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/damage1_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rock.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/rug192256a.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame8.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame1.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame2.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame3.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame4.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame5.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame6.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame7.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood4.wal: 7240 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wndow1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/beton103ab.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_cement1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_checker3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1bt.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood14.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/ladder.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/stone2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/navarone/wtr4.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/trees.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/derwood/engi.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/grass1_4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dirt1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/marble1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/door76_128x256.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile7.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/tris.md2: 7168 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/skin.pcx: 9215 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/tris.md2: 126332 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/skin.pcx: 27836 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/tris.md2: 4916 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/skin.pcx: 34838 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/tris.md2: 197204 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/skin.pcx: 39611 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/tris.md2: 6216 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/skin.pcx: 37969 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/tris.md2: 112368
 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/skin.pcx: 73665 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/tris.md2: 6868 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/skin.pcx: 15460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/tris.md2: 133564 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/skin.pcx: 25192 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bhmg/tris.md2: 4752 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bhmg/skin.pcx: 18742 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/tris.md2: 171696 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/skin.pcx: 24678 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/tris.md2: 6540 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/skin.pcx: 10987 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/tris.md2: 105704 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/skin.pcx: 23554 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/tris.md2: 16372 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/skin.pcx: 50990 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/tris.md2: 305860 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/skin.pcx: 90762 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/tris.md2: 8184 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/skin.pcx: 46386 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/tris.md2: 196452 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/skin.pcx: 62929 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/items/ammo/lmg2/tris.md2: 728 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/items/ammo/lmg2/skin.pcx: 2077 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/tris.md2: 1121488 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_colt45.md2: 181676 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_colt45.pcx: 9624 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1.md2: 90004 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1.pcx: 16629 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_thompson.md2: 116976 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_thompson.pcx: 36975 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bar.md2: 128820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bar.pcx: 15460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bhmg.md2: 102568 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bhmg.pcx: 18742 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bazooka.md2: 147272 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bazooka.pcx: 10987 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1903.md2: 351776 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1903.pcx: 50990 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/a_grenade.md2: 56592 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/a_grenade.pcx: 16364 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_flame.md2: 112536 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_flame.pcx: 19125 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_morphine.md2: 120848 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_morphine.pcx: 7774 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_knife.md2: 99544 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_knife.pcx: 10495 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_binoc.md2: 231408 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/tris.md2: 9752 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/skin.pcx: 44076 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m1.pcx: 1874 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_thompson.pcx: 2003 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bar.pcx: 1834 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bhmg.pcx: 2012 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bazooka.pcx: 1757 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m1903.pcx: 1976 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/scope_usa.pcx: 4425 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/victory_usa.pcx: 5894 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1rt.tga: 171037 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1bk.tga: 163206 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1lf.tga: 184924 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1ft.tga: 166311 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1up.tga: 154915 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1dn.tga: 180109 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/fire.wav: 17454 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/reload.wav: 7044 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/unload.wav: 6724 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/fire.wav: 29600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/lastround.wav: 58612 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/reload.wav: 9776 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/unload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/fire.wav: 32032 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/reload.wav: 13484 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/unload.wav: 4822 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/fire.wav: 90498 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/reload.wav: 20378 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/unload.wav: 16492 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/fire.wav: 53996 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/reload.wav: 33436 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/unload.wav: 48514 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/fire.wav: 79350 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/reload.wav: 17436 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/rockfly.wav: 82186 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/fire.wav: 73440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/lastround.wav: 158024 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/reload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/unload.wav: 7644 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/victory.wav: 125886 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/electro.wav: 59958 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/river.wav: 87200 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/derdday3.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/derdday3.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/derdday3.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/derdday3.pcx: 11988 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/derdday3.cfg: 32 bytes
Execing cfg/derdday3.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/derdday3.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/derdday3.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/derdday2v2.bsp: 314864 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: derdday2v2
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/derdday2v2.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/derdday2v2.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/derdday2v2.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for derdday2v2.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/derdday2v2.pcx...error.
mdlskin is not a field
mdl is not a field
mdlskin is not a field
mdl is not a field
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: derdday2v2
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Star Wars??.....  - By DERWOOD!
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/w_white.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/color1_2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Samer/tent_03.wal: 6900 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/core1_3.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/core1_1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/bluwter.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/space1rt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/space1rt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/space1rt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/space1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/space1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/space1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/space1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/space1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/space1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/space1rt.pcx: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/space1rt.pcx: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/space1rt.pcx: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/misc/windfly.wav: 87076 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/derdday2v2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/derdday2v2.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/derdday2v2.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/derdday2v2.cfg: 30 bytes
Execing cfg/derdday2v2.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/derdday2v2.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/derdday2v2.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/ddayvw02.bsp: 2012436 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: ddayvw02
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/ddayvw02.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/ddayvw02.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/ddayvw02.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for ddayvw02.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/ddayvw02.pcx...error.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: ddayvw02
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




City Street v. 1.0
by Burner
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/bunkfl.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dirt1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/cobblestreet1.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/conc3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cergrass.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg5a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/roofrck1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_vy2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/stucco1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/vllshopfront.wal: 76260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m3b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rooftop1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/filecab2.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/filecab1.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/ik_woodwall128128.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m1b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/ik_woodwallwin256b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/custom/hfx/s_roof3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/black.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/ceil1_21.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gypsy/build08_01.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_v3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ladder2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdwal05.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/stucco2.wal: 23900 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_window2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3btdr.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/brick07.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3c.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gypsy/roof01.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/custom/chronic/window_06.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/b_rc_c01.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btpstr.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btdr.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0175.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/stucco1.wal: 54500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/mat1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_cp_v4.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gypsy/build10_02.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/dr_st_m1b.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4btwd.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0009.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0058.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0132.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0030.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/custom/chaos/hm_stainglass4.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/custom/chaos/hm_stainglass3.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/ik_brickwall_grydoor.wal: 21860 
bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/custom/hfx/rbrick.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/clayroof.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/clip.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/window2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_cher1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brickb5.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btwd.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtdr.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtbwdc.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4btdr.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/colhous2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/build1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/crate1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/brwater.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/tankgreyside.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_side.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_rajada2.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_ironcross.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_rajada.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_2aSS_PzDiv.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dinant/tnk_one.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/metaltrim_horiz.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_escorilha.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/plat1_1.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/panzer4-lagarta.wal: 23220 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_canvas.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_caback.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/machine_round_side.wal: 1460 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/trk_pipe.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/cart_wheel.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_top.wal: 1120 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_side.wal: 2140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_end2.wal: 780 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_chamuscado.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_impacto.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_naz_flag.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_suastica.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_tread.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_tire.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dinant/side_darkdamage.wal: 4180 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dinant/side_dark.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/metal46_4.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_end1.wal: 780 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_side_1.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/console.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_bed.wal: 10300 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/trk_seat.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/black.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/dump1_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/crate01b.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_rim.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/side_dark.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/barrel.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_axle.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/door1.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/console1.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/gen.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/floor_grated.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/light_bottom.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/desk2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/burner/er_grill.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfdoor2.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/cafewin.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/trees.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0006.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0009.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/pipesmth.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag2.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/grass_ladder.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/tris.md2: 980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/skin.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner1/tris.md2: 13700 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner1/skin.pcx: 49358 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srrt.tga: 107010 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srbk.tga: 118770 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srlf.tga: 117266 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srft.tga: 116058 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srup.tga: 228498 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srdn.tga: 2066 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/colpiron/engine2.wav: 22918 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/cherbourg/amb4.wav: 1744940 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/cherbourg/pigeon.wav: 447638 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/sewer.wav: 248442 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/inland/drip1.wav: 137736 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/inland/cow.wav: 79370 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/tale/marching.wav: 259042 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/b25.wav: 147290 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_strt.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_mid.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_end.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/ddayvw02.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/ddayvw02.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/ddayvw02.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/ddayvw02.cfg: 32 bytes
Execing cfg/ddayvw02.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/ddayvw02.txt: 0 bytes
