directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal62.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop08.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop08.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement69.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement69.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement69.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rock_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/grassdark2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/beach/commsound.wav: 118904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday1bhv3.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dday1bhv3.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/dday1bhv3.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dday1bhv3.pcx: 116200 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/teams/usa.pcx: 1879 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/teams/grm.pcx: 1940 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/dday1bhv3.cfg: 31 bytes
Execing cfg/dday1bhv3.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/dday1bhv3.txt: 0 bytes
