open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/cliffface_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal73.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/tdk9_elec07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/tdk9_elec07.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/tdk9_elec07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/tdk9_elec07.png: 36426 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/tdk9_elec07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/tdk9_elec07.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/tdk9_elec07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/amb10.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/desert1bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/desert1bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/desert1bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/desert1bh.pcx: 116200 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.pcx: 1613 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/desert1bh.cfg: 30 bytes
Execing cfg/desert1bh.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/desert1bh.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/desert1bh.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/derdday3.bsp: 1539564 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: derdday3
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/derdday3.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/derdday3.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/derdday3.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for derdday3.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/derdday3.pcx...done.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: derdday3
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Dinant River Country Side - By DERWOOD
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/damage1_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rock.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/rug192256a.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame8.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame1.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame2.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame3.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame4.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame5.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame6.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame7.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood4.wal: 7240 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wndow1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/beton103ab.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_cement1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_checker3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1bt.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood14.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/ladder.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/stone2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/navarone/wtr4.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/trees.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/derwood/engi.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/grass1_4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dirt1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/marble1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/door76_128x256.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile7.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/tris.md2: 7168 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/skin.pcx: 9215 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/tris.md2: 126332 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/skin.pcx: 27836 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/tris.md2: 4916 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/skin.pcx: 34838 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/tris.md2: 197204 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/skin.pcx: 39611 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/tris.md2: 6216 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/skin.pcx: 37969 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/tris.md2: 112368 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/skin.pcx: 73665 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/tris.md2: 6868 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/skin.pcx: 15460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/tris.md2: 133564 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/skin.pcx: 25192 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bhmg/tris.md2: 4752 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bhmg/skin.pcx: 18742 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/tris.md2: 171696 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/skin.pcx: 24678 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/tris.md2: 6540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/skin.pcx: 10987 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/tris.md2: 105704 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/skin.pcx: 23554 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/tris.md2: 16372 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/skin.pcx: 50990 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/tris.md2: 305860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/skin.pcx: 90762 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/tris.md2: 8184 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/skin.pcx: 46386 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/tris.md2: 196452 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/skin.pcx: 62929 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/items/ammo/lmg2/tris.md2: 728 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/items/ammo/lmg2/skin.pcx: 2077 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/tris.md2: 1121488 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_colt45.md2: 181676 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_colt45.pcx: 9624 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1.md2: 90004 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1.pcx: 16629 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_thompson.md2: 116976 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_thompson.pcx: 36975 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bar.md2: 128820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bar.pcx: 15460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bhmg.md2: 102568 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bhmg.pcx: 18742 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bazooka.md2: 147272 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bazooka.pcx: 10987 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1903.md2: 351776 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1903.pcx: 50990 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/a_grenade.md2: 56592 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/a_grenade.pcx: 16364 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_flame.md2: 112536 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_flame.pcx: 19125 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_morphine.md2: 120848 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_morphine.pcx: 7774 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_knife.md2: 99544 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_knife.pcx: 10495 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_binoc.md2: 231408 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/tris.md2: 9752 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/skin.pcx: 44076 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m1.pcx: 1874 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_thompson.pcx: 2003 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bar.pcx: 1834 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bhmg.pcx: 2012 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bazooka.pcx: 1757 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m1903.pcx: 1976 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/scope_usa.pcx: 4425 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/victory_usa.pcx: 5894 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1rt.pcx: 34662 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1bk.pcx: 32860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1lf.pcx: 43171 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1ft.pcx: 36289 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1up.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1up.pcx: 14486 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1dn.pcx: 51501 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/fire.wav: 17454 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/reload.wav: 7044 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/unload.wav: 6724 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/fire.wav: 29600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/lastround.wav: 58612 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/reload.wav: 9776 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/unload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/fire.wav: 32032 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/reload.wav: 13484 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/unload.wav: 4822 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/fire.wav: 90498 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/reload.wav: 20378 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/unload.wav: 16492 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/fire.wav: 53996 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/reload.wav: 33436 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/unload.wav: 48514 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/fire.wav: 79350 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/reload.wav: 17436 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/rockfly.wav: 82186 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/fire.wav: 73440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/lastround.wav: 158024 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/reload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/unload.wav: 7644 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/victory.wav: 125886 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/electro.wav: 59958 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/river.wav: 87200 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/derdday3.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/derdday3.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/derdday3.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/derdday3.pcx: 11988 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/derdday3.cfg: 32 bytes
Execing cfg/derdday3.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/derdday3.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/derdday3.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/derdday2v2.bsp: 314864 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: derdday2v2
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/derdday2v2.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/derdday2v2.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/derdday2v2.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for derdday2v2.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/derdday2v2.pcx...error.
mdlskin is not a field
mdl is not a field
mdlskin is not a field
mdl is not a field
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: derdday2v2
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Star Wars??.....  - By DERWOOD!
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/w_white.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/color1_2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Samer/tent_03.wal: 6900 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/core1_3.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/core1_1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/bluwter.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/space1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/space1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/space1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/space1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/space1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/space1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/space1rt.pcx: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/space1rt.pcx: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/space1rt.pcx: No such file or directory
Couldn't load env/space1rt.tga: Invalid quake path
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/misc/windfly.wav: 87076 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/derdday2v2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/derdday2v2.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/derdday2v2.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/derdday2v2.cfg: 30 bytes
Execing cfg/derdday2v2.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/derdday2v2.txt: 0 bytes
