open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/sandbag64.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_box6a.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_barrel3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_metal9.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1rt.tga: 71518 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1bk.tga: 86934 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1lf.tga: 77122 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1ft.tga: 106050 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1up.tga: 97286 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1dn.tga: 7742 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/desertbattle3.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/desertbattle3.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/desertbattle3.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.pcx: 1613 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/desertbattle3.cfg: 35 bytes
Execing cfg/desertbattle3.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/desertbattle3.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/desertbattle3.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/desertbattle2.bsp: 428760 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: desertbattle2
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/desertbattle2.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/desertbattle2.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/desertbattle2.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for desertbattle2.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/desertbattle2.pcx...error.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: desertbattle2
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Desert Battle#2 Fuel Dump By L.T. Mark & Bule Death
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/-2Sand.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SandCCrete.wal: 65380 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0588.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0160.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0675.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0662.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/eastwndwn0c.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/eastwndwn0.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/eastwndwn1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wood1.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0419.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0499.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/damage1_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cshrine4q2/wood2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/alpine/+lant1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/alpine/+lant2.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/breechtop001.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/console.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/console_side.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/gizmo_1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandyrockx2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/grating.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/axis_2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0478.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodeditx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile8dark.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_folder.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/stripes.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/tris.md2: 980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/skin.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night2rt.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night2bk.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night2lf.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night2ft.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night2up.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night2dn.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/amb10.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/desertbattle2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/desertbattle2.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/desertbattle2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.pcx: 1613 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/desertbattle2.cfg: 35 bytes
Execing cfg/desertbattle2.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/desertbattle2.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/desertbattle2.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/desertbattle1.bsp: 330696 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: desertbattle1
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/desertbattle1.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/desertbattle1.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/desertbattle1.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for desertbattle1.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/desertbattle1.pcx...error.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: desertbattle1
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Desert Battle#1 By L.T. Mark
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/-0csSandWall.wal: 40900 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/black.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Mark.wal: 51100 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/L.T..wal: 440 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/bunkerwall.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/hedgehog.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/AMMO_006.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/AMMO_005.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srrt.tga: 107010 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srbk.tga: 118770 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srlf.tga: 117266 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srft.tga: 116058 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srup.tga: 228498 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srdn.tga: 2066 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/desertbattle1.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/desertbattle1.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/desertbattle1.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.pcx: 1613 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/desertbattle1.cfg: 29 bytes
Execing cfg/desertbattle1.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/desertbattle1.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/desertbattle1.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/desert7.bsp: 1377888 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: desert7
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/desert7.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/desert7.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/desert7.ent: No such file or directory
desert7.ent Loaded
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/desert7.pcx...done.
spawn_flags is not a field
spawn_flags is not a field
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: desert7
desert7.cmp Loaded
-------------------------------------
       : AI: Nodes Initialized.
       : loaded nodes:190.
       : added nodes:0.
       : total nodes:190.
       : loaded links:744.
       : added links:0.
       : added jump links:0.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Desert Battle : ruins of defeat
by Heydrich
Rev TanatoVago
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sandroad.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cratex2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_boxsd.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/bricks2.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ladder2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/wood_door.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile11.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood16.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/door2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0381.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/-1cssandwall.wal: 40900 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m14.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0419.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sandwlldoor.wal: 40900 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0721.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/w_sr_va3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sandtrim.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0178.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/woodsmooth.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0735.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0460.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0612.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/damage1_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cratemod.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_axiscrate.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/ancient3.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sandwllwndw.wal: 40900 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sandwllwndw3.wal: 40900 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sandwllwndw2.wal: 40900 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/nflag3.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/jdtrkhd.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/tris.md2: 7168 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/skin.pcx: 9215 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/tris.md2: 126332 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/skin.pcx: 27836 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/tris.md2: 4916 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/skin.pcx: 34838 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/tris.md2: 197204 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/skin.pcx: 39611 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/tris.md2: 6216 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/skin.pcx: 37969 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/tris.md2: 112368
 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/skin.pcx: 73665 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/tris.md2: 6868 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/skin.pcx: 15460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/tris.md2: 133564 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/skin.pcx: 25192 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bhmg/tris.md2: 4752 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bhmg/skin.pcx: 18742 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/tris.md2: 171696 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/skin.pcx: 24678 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/tris.md2: 6540 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/skin.pcx: 10987 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/tris.md2: 105704 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/skin.pcx: 23554 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/tris.md2: 16372 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/skin.pcx: 50990 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/tris.md2: 305860 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/skin.pcx: 90762 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/tris.md2: 8184 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/skin.pcx: 46386 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/tris.md2: 196452 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/skin.pcx: 62929 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/items/ammo/lmg2/tris.md2: 728 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/items/ammo/lmg2/skin.pcx: 2077 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/tris.md2: 1121488 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_colt45.md2: 181676 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_colt45.pcx: 9624 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1.md2: 90004 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1.pcx: 16629 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_thompson.md2: 116976 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_thompson.pcx: 36975 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bar.md2: 128820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bar.pcx: 15460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bhmg.md2: 102568 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bhmg.pcx: 18742 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bazooka.md2: 147272 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bazooka.pcx: 10987 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1903.md2: 351776 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1903.pcx: 50990 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/a_grenade.md2: 56592 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/a_grenade.pcx: 16364 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_flame.md2: 112536 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_flame.pcx: 19125 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_morphine.md2: 120848 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_morphine.pcx: 7774 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_knife.md2: 99544 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_knife.pcx: 10495 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_binoc.md2: 231408 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/tris.md2: 9752 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/skin.pcx: 44076 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m1.pcx: 1874 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_thompson.pcx: 2003 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bar.pcx: 1834 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bhmg.pcx: 2012 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bazooka.pcx: 1757 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m1903.pcx: 1976 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/scope_usa.pcx: 4425 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/victory_usa.pcx: 5894 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_rt.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_bk.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_lf.tga: 197147 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_ft.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_up.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_dn.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/fire.wav: 17454 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/reload.wav: 7044 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/unload.wav: 6724 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/fire.wav: 29600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/lastround.wav: 58612 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/reload.wav: 9776 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/unload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/fire.wav: 32032 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/reload.wav: 13484 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/unload.wav: 4822 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/fire.wav: 90498 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/reload.wav: 20378 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/unload.wav: 16492 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/fire.wav: 53996 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/reload.wav: 33436 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/unload.wav: 48514 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/fire.wav: 79350 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/reload.wav: 17436 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/rockfly.wav: 82186 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/fire.wav: 73440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/lastround.wav: 158024 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/reload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/unload.wav: 7644 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/victory.wav: 125886 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/inland/backwind.wav: 241186 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/wolfh1.wav: 175468 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday2/eerie.wav: 354668 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/flag.wav: 311668 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday2/amb_battle.wav: 1174218 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/desert7.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/desert7.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/desert7.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/desert7.pcx: 33809 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
loBOTomy connected.
Erik connected.
Patton connected.
VerBOTen connected.
Speirs connected.
Rommel connected.
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/desert7.cfg: 383 bytes
Execing cfg/desert7.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/desert7.txt: 0 bytes
