open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/desert7bhv2.bsp: 1886256 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: desert7bhv2
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/desert7bhv2.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/desert7bhv2.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/desert7bhv2.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for desert7bhv2.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/desert7bhv2.pcx...done.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: desert7bhv2
desert7bhv2.cmp Loaded
-------------------------------------
       : AI: Nodes Initialized.
       : loaded nodes:190.
       : added nodes:0.
       : total nodes:190.
       : loaded links:744.
       : added links:0.
       : added jump links:0.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Desert Battle : ruins of defeat
by Heydrich
Rev TanatoVago
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/desert/desert9y.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/sandbags2.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cratex1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/crate3.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: 162685 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.jpg: 153609 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/kiste.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/kiste.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/woodm03.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood54.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood54.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood54.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood54.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood54.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood54.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood54.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood54.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood54.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood54.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood54.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood54.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood54.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood54.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood54.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood54.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood54.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood54.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood54.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood54.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood54.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood54.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood54.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood54.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood54.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood44.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood79.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood84.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood39.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door88.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door71.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/sand3_.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_webley/tris.md2: 21560 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_webley/skin.pcx: 19521 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_webley/tris.md2: 296604 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_303/tris.md2: 12748 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_303.pcx: 68241 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_303/tris2.md2: 382360 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_303/skin.pcx: 89672 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_sten/tris.md2: 14216 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_sten/skin.pcx: 42369 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_sten/tris.md2: 289504 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_sten/skin.pcx: 30447 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_bren/tris.md2: 8132 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_bren.pcx: 101978 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_bren/tris.md2: 227708 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_bren/arms.pcx: 156215 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_vickers/tris.md2: 28544 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_vickers.pcx: 36044 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_vickers/tris.md2: 601728 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_vickers/skin.pcx: 28544 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/models/weapons/gbr/g_piat/tris.md2: 11344 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/models/weapons/gbr/g_piat/skin.pcx: 38650 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_piat/tris.md2: 202388 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_piat/skin.pcx: 35186 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_303s/tris.md2: 23456 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_303s/skin.pcx: 57848 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_303s/tris.md2: 475600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_303s/skin.pcx: 86826 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_grenade/tris.md2: 29708 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_grenade/skin.pcx: 39763 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_grenade/tris.md2: 105264 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_grenade/skin.pcx: 68518 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/webbullets/tris.md2: 6732 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/303mag/tris.md2: 3768 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/stenmag/tris.md2: 2540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/brenmag/tris.md2: 2064 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/brenmag/skin.pcx: 7593 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/vickdrum/tris.md2: 11092 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/piatrocks/tris.md2: 4344 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/piatrocks/skin.pcx: 12692 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/303smag/tris.md2: 3768 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/tris.md2: 1092108 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_webley.md2: 449528 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_303.md2: 247724 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_sten.md2: 224800 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_sten.pcx: 42178 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_bren.md2: 192860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_vickers.md2: 665072 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_piat.md2: 759308 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_piat.pcx: 14065 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_303s.md2: 525964 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_303s.pcx: 57776 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/a_mills_bomb.md2: 261740 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_flame.md2: 248260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_flame.pcx: 22675 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/gbrplane/tris.md2: 20288 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/gbrplane/skin.pcx: 13330 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_303.pcx: 1711 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_sten.pcx: 1736 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bren.pcx: 1390 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_vickers.pcx: 1324 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_piat.pcx: 2027 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_303s.pcx: 1751 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_mills_bomb.pcx: 1422 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_webley.pcx: 1554 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_303.pcx: 1362 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_sten.pcx: 1322 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_vickers.pcx: 1201 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_piat.pcx: 1406 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_303s.pcx: 1362 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/scope_gbr.pcx: 5871 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_gbr.pcx: 4449 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/webley/fire.wav: 49288 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/webley/reload.wav: 54874 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/webley/unload.wav: 47180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/303/fire.wav: 57292 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/303/lastround.wav: 51500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/303/reload.wav: 64112 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/303/unload.wav: 16488 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/bayonet/hit.wav: 3352 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/bayonet/stab.wav: 14332 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/bayonet/swipe.wav: 9588 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/sten/fire.wav: 68510 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/sten/reload.wav: 29414 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/sten/unload.wav: 9596 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/sten/jam.wav: 17236 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/bren/fire.wav: 22747 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/bren/reload.wav: 26479 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/bren/unload.wav: 14092 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/vickers/fire.wav: 29158 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/vickers/reload.wav: 36350 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/vickers/unload.wav: 27318 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/vickers/bolt.wav: 10188 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/piat/fire.wav: 39596 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/piat/reload.wav: 8596 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/piat/rockfly.wav: 15996 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/303s/fire.wav: 84234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/303s/lastround.wav: 84234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/303s/reload.wav: 64112 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/303s/unload.wav: 16488 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/victory.wav: 471212 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/desert7bhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/desert7bhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/desert7bhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/desert7bhv2.pcx: 116200 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.pcx: 1613 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/desert7bhv2.cfg: 38 bytes
Execing cfg/desert7bhv2.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/desert7bhv2.txt: 0 bytes
