 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal102.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/Metal102.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/amb10.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/desert1bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/desert1bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/desert1bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/desert1bh.pcx: 116200 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.pcx: 1613 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Sgt. Leper connected.
PolkaBOT connected.
Godfrey connected.
Frederick connected.
Jack connected.
VolksBOT connected.
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/desert1bh.cfg: 30 bytes
Execing cfg/desert1bh.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/desert1bh.txt: 0 bytes
