Execing cfg/desertbattle4.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/desertbattle4.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/desertbattle4.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/desertbattle3.bsp: 506728 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: desertbattle3
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/desertbattle3.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/desertbattle3.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/desertbattle3.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for desertbattle3.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/desertbattle3.pcx...error.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: desertbattle3
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Desert battle#3 Air Riad By L.T. Mark
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_plain1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/fence.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/gen.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/light.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/bed_dark.wal: 10300 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar4.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar5.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar6.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar7.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar8.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar9.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar10.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar11.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar12.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_controls01.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_controls02.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/sandbag64.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_box6a.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_barrel3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_metal9.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1rt.tga: 71518 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1bk.tga: 86934 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1lf.tga: 77122 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1ft.tga: 106050 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1up.tga: 97286 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1dn.tga: 7742 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/desertbattle3.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/desertbattle3.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/desertbattle3.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.pcx: 1613 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/desertbattle3.cfg: 35 bytes
Execing cfg/desertbattle3.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/desertbattle3.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/desertbattle3.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/desertbattle2.bsp: 428760 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: desertbattle2
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/desertbattle2.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/desertbattle2.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/desertbattle2.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for desertbattle2.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/desertbattle2.pcx...error.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: desertbattle2
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Desert Battle#2 Fuel Dump By L.T. Mark & Bule Death
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/-2Sand.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SandCCrete.wal: 65380 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0588.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0160.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0675.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0662.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/eastwndwn0c.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/eastwndwn0.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/eastwndwn1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wood1.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0419.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0499.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/damage1_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cshrine4q2/wood2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/alpine/+lant1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/alpine/+lant2.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/breechtop001.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/console.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/console_side.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/gizmo_1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandyrockx2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/grating.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/axis_2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Julhelm_stone/ST0478.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodeditx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile8dark.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_folder.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/stripes.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/tris.md2: 980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/skin.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night2rt.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night2bk.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night2lf.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night2ft.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night2up.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night2dn.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/amb10.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/desertbattle2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/desertbattle2.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/desertbattle2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.pcx: 1613 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/desertbattle2.cfg: 35 bytes
Execing cfg/desertbattle2.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/desertbattle2.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/desertbattle2.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/desertbattle1.bsp: 330696 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: desertbattle1
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/desertbattle1.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/desertbattle1.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/desertbattle1.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for desertbattle1.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/desertbattle1.pcx...error.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: desertbattle1
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Desert Battle#1 By L.T. Mark
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/-0csSandWall.wal: 40900 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/black.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Mark.wal: 51100 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/L.T..wal: 440 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/bunkerwall.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/hedgehog.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/AMMO_006.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/AMMO_005.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srrt.tga: 107010 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srbk.tga: 118770 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srlf.tga: 117266 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srft.tga: 116058 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srup.tga: 228498 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srdn.tga: 2066 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/desertbattle1.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/desertbattle1.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/desertbattle1.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.pcx: 1613 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/desertbattle1.cfg: 29 bytes
Execing cfg/desertbattle1.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/desertbattle1.txt: 0 bytes
