open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or
 directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/beton_b_out.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dofdbbhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dofdbbhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/dofdbbhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dofdbbhv2.pcx: 116200 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Speirs connected.
Lars connected.
Bob connected.
BOTwurst connected.
loBOTomy connected.
Erik connected.
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/dofdbbhv2.cfg: 29 bytes
Execing cfg/dofdbbhv2.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/dofdbbhv2.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/dofdbbhv2.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/dofdbbh.bsp: 2987760 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: dofdbbh
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/dofdbbh.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/dofdbbh.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/dofdbbh.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for dofdbbh.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/dofdbbh.pcx...done.
func_timer at (-1388 -41 -136) has random >= wait
func_wall START_ON without TOGGLE
func_wall START_ON without TOGGLE
func_wall START_ON without TOGGLE
func_wall START_ON without TOGGLE
func_wall START_ON without TOGGLE
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: dofdbbh
dofdbbh.cmp Loaded
-------------------------------------
       : AI: Nodes Initialized.
       : loaded nodes:196.
       : added nodes:5.
       : total nodes:201.
       : loaded links:599.
       : added links:30.
       : added jump links:0.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Day of Days Hires MUNF
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement08.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass50.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dofdbbh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dofdbbh.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/dofdbbh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/dofdbbh.pcx: 33829 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
G.I. Joe connected.
VerBOTen connected.
Patton connected.
Goebbels connected.
Jim connected.
VolksBOT connected.
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/dofdbbh.cfg: 28 bytes
Execing cfg/dofdbbh.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/dofdbbh.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/dofdbbh.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/dofdbb.bsp: 1226156 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: dofdbb
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/dofdbb.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/dofdbb.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/dofdbb.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for dofdbb.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/dofdbb.pcx...error.
func_wall START_ON without TOGGLE
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: dofdbb
dofdbb.cmp Loaded
-------------------------------------
       : AI: Nodes Initialized.
       : loaded nodes:51.
       : added nodes:5.
       : total nodes:56.
       : loaded links:122.
       : added links:20.
       : added jump links:0.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Day of Days Ver.2
Mr YOur no fun
help gomp flower
Macsogs OSS
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_cp_v4.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwater4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/underwater.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rockgrass.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cshrine4q2/wall2_burnt.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/dt_wall_scratch.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bark.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/rusty.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/ST0093.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/megamikedeus2/kissmygrass.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_gravel.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rimmytex1/rck1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/da_asphalt.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/dirtx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal4_chamuscado.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/m4_tracks.wal: 83400 bytes
Couldn't load textures/blindados/m4_tracks.wal: Invalid file format
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/wallruff_darkest.wal: 87140 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/wall_green.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandyrockboard.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/rockb.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/treesx3.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/hedge.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rimmytex1/mydk.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/ST0086.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0170.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0173.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/street.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/crt1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/metal_door.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dofdbb.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/dofdbb.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/dofdbb.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
BOTched connected.
Goering connected.
loBOTomy connected.
PolkaBOT connected.
Speirs connected.
Franz connected.
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/dofdbb.cfg: 27 bytes
Execing cfg/dofdbb.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/dofdbb.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/dofdbb.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/docks.bsp: 920956 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: docks
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/docks.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/docks.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/docks.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for docks.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/docks.pcx...error.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: docks
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




The Docks :: by [SC]Krom
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/woodflr.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/boat.wal: 3160 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/bricks2drk.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wood1.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/ggrat2_7.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sand1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandyx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/stone_grass_end.wal: 21860 
bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/damage1_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/brwater.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cratex1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/bed_dark.wal: 10300 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/caution1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_barb.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/straw.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag4.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/woodf.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/wdv256c.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood10.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/wallruff_dark.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/metal46_4.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_tnt.wal: 2140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_top.wal: 1120 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/window3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner/tris.md2: 13428 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner/skin.pcx: 48517 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/cherbourg/beach02.wav: 123514 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/krom/mappy.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/krom/mappy.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/krom/mappy.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/docks.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/docks.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/docks.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/docks.cfg: 28 bytes
Execing cfg/docks.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/docks.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/docks.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/diving.bsp: 243476 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: diving
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/diving.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/diving.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/diving.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for diving.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/diving.pcx...error.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: diving
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Diving Board
By Partsie
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bldng14.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_checker3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brickruf.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood16.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/ladder.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/0798water.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1rt.tga: 206962 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1bk.tga: 196222 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1lf.tga: 205806 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1ft.tga: 203906 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1up.tga: 214582 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1dn.tga: 155902 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/undrwtr.wav: 218062 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/windr.wav: 211264 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/diving.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/diving.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/diving.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/diving.cfg: 35 bytes
Execing cfg/diving.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/diving.txt: 0 bytes
