open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/r_sr_m2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1z.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/w_sr_va3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_v2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/bottle_c03.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_b1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/tris.md2: 7168 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/skin.pcx: 9215 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/tris.md2: 126332 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/skin.pcx: 27836 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/tris.md2: 4916 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/skin.pcx: 34838 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/tris.md2: 197204 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/skin.pcx: 39611 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/tris.md2: 6216 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/skin.pcx: 37969 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/tris.md2: 112368 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/skin.pcx: 73665 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/tris.md2: 6868 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/skin.pcx: 15460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/tris.md2: 133564 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/skin.pcx: 25192 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bhmg/tris.md2: 4752 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bhmg/skin.pcx: 18742 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/tris.md2: 171696 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/skin.pcx: 24678 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/tris.md2: 6540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/skin.pcx: 10987 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/tris.md2: 105704 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/skin.pcx: 23554 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/tris.md2: 16372 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/skin.pcx: 50990 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/tris.md2: 305860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/skin.pcx: 90762 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/tris.md2: 8184 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/skin.pcx: 46386 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/tris.md2: 196452 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/skin.pcx: 62929 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/items/ammo/lmg2/tris.md2: 728 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/items/ammo/lmg2/skin.pcx: 2077 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/tris.md2: 1121488 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_colt45.md2: 181676 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_colt45.pcx: 9624 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1.md2: 90004 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1.pcx: 16629 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_thompson.md2: 116976 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_thompson.pcx: 36975 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bar.md2: 128820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bar.pcx: 15460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bhmg.md2: 102568 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bhmg.pcx: 18742 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bazooka.md2: 147272 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bazooka.pcx: 10987 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1903.md2: 351776 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1903.pcx: 50990 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/a_grenade.md2: 56592 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/a_grenade.pcx: 16364 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_flame.md2: 112536 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_flame.pcx: 19125 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_morphine.md2: 120848 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_morphine.pcx: 7774 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_knife.md2: 99544 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_knife.pcx: 10495 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_binoc.md2: 231408 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/tris.md2: 9752 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/skin.pcx: 44076 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m1.pcx: 1874 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_thompson.pcx: 2003 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bar.pcx: 1834 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bhmg.pcx: 2012 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bazooka.pcx: 1757 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m1903.pcx: 1976 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/scope_usa.pcx: 4425 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/victory_usa.pcx: 5894 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desrt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/desrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/desrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desrt.pcx: 39328 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desbk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/desbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/desbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desbk.pcx: 38299 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/deslf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/deslf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/deslf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/deslf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/deslf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/deslf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/deslf.pcx: 37578 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/desft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/desft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desft.pcx: 34122 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desup.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/desup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/desup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desup.pcx: 14525 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desdn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desdn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/desdn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/desdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/desdn.pcx: 38618 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/fire.wav: 17454 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/reload.wav: 7044 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/unload.wav: 6724 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/fire.wav: 29600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/lastround.wav: 58612 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/reload.wav: 9776 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/unload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/fire.wav: 32032 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/reload.wav: 13484 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/unload.wav: 4822 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/fire.wav: 90498 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/reload.wav: 20378 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/unload.wav: 16492 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/fire.wav: 53996 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/reload.wav: 33436 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/unload.wav: 48514 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/fire.wav: 79350 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/reload.wav: 17436 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/rockfly.wav: 82186 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/fire.wav: 73440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/lastround.wav: 158024 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/reload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/unload.wav: 7644 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/victory.wav: 125886 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/switches/butn2.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/electro.wav: 59958 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/doomtown1880.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/doomtown1880.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/doomtown1880.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/doomtown1880.cfg: 30 bytes
Execing cfg/doomtown1880.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/doomtown1880.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/doomtown1880.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/doggreen.bsp: 2546916 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: doggreen
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/doggreen.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/doggreen.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/doggreen.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for doggreen.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/doggreen.pcx...done.
label is not a field
label is not a field
label is not a field
label is not a field
label is not a field
label is not a field
label is not a field
label is not a field
label is not a field
label is not a field
label is not a field
label is not a field
0 entities inhibited
2 teams with 4 entities
server map: doggreen
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Omaha beach: Dog Green sector
By The Violator
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cement1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/mr_cementfloor3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/bunkerwall_large.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/omaha/hhog4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/asphalt.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/wdv256c.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cratex3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cratex1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/clip.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/sandbtop64.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/sandbag64.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/boat.wal: 3160 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/lcpside1.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_canvas.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/lcpside2.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/boat05.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_floor10.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/black.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/omaha/sand2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/wallruff_dark.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandyrockx2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/0798water.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile10.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_side.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/dirtx2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/conc2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/bluwter.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/barb2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/console_side.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/dirtx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/omaha/sandshingle.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/light_bottom.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/barrel.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/wallruffhole.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/street1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_dirt.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/metalplat.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_orangeside.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/trees.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/tree2grassc1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/door1.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_controls02.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_boxtop.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_boxsd.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_tnt.wal: 2140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_side.wal: 2140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_end1.wal: 780 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_controls01.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/comm1a.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/omaha/sandbombed.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/metal_door.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/trigger.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/cart_wheel.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/console.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/console_btm.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/console_btm_dest.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/console_dest.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/console_vent_dest.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/console_vent.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/origin.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/table.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/wait.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/door30_128x256.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_lightshade.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/bullseye.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/tris.md2: 980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/skin.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/mg42.md2: 12856 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/mg42-skin.pcx: 43479 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/fire.md2: 7472 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/fire.pcx: 25395 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_rt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/darkhollow256_rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/darkhollow256_rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_rt.pcx: 67909 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_bk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/darkhollow256_bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/darkhollow256_bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_bk.pcx: 70015 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_lf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/darkhollow256_lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/darkhollow256_lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_lf.pcx: 64741 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_ft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/darkhollow256_ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/darkhollow256_ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_ft.pcx: 70973 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_up.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/darkhollow256_up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/darkhollow256_up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_up.pcx: 86346 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_dn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/darkhollow256_dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/darkhollow256_dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_dn.pcx: 65962 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/vio/sad.wav: 2852398 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/beach/ocean.wav: 494588 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/beach/thunder.wav: 480336 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/vio/higgins.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/vio/higgins.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/vio/higgins.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/vio/bangalores.wav: 252828 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/beach/gatling.wav: 1582124 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/vio/getmoving.wav: 145574 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/vio/minefields.wav: 122172 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/vio/radio.wav: 603556 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/amb10.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/misc/trigger1.wav: 4618 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/vio/wherever.wav: 2109846 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/vio/mortar.wav: 406550 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/vio/mortarfire.wav: 42188 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_strt.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_mid.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_end.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/fire1.wav: 138240 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday3/aoga.wav: 244172 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/beach/commsound.wav: 118904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/vio/battlebunk.wav: 3292810 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/grim/amb1.wav: 478600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/doggreen.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/doggreen.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/doggreen.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/doggreen.pcx: 36501 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/doggreen.cfg: 26 bytes
Execing cfg/doggreen.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/doggreen.txt: 0 bytes
