open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile42.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile42.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/tiles/tile42.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile42.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile42.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/tiles/tile42.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile42.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile42.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/tiles/tile42.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile42.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile42.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/tiles/tile42.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned10.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/burned/burned10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/burned/burned10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned10.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/burned/burned10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned10.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned10.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/burned/burned10.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned05.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned05.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/burned/burned05.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned05.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned05.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/burned/burned05.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned05.tga: 231989 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned05.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light12.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light12.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light12.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light12.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/net2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/net2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/net2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/net2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/net2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/net2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/net2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/net2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/net2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/net2.wal: 3160 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/doomtownbh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/doomtownbh.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/doomtownbh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/doomtownbh.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/doomtownbh.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/doomtownbh.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/doomtownbh.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/doomtownbh.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/doomtownbh.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/doomtownbh.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/doomtownbh.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/doomtownbh.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/doomtownbh.pcx: 116200 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/teams/rus.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/teams/rus.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/teams/rus.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.pcx: 1406 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
CosmoBOT connected.
Lars connected.
CosmoBOT joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_hmg.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_hmg.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_hmg.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_hmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_hmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_hmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_hmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_hmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_hmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/class_hmg.pcx: 90089 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/weapon.md2: 15904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_hmg_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_hmg_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_hmg_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_hmg_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_hmg_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_hmg_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_hmg_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_hmg_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_hmg_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_hmg_i.pcx: 1265 bytes
Lars joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_officer.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_officer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_officer.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/class_officer.pcx: 83093 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_officer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_officer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_officer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/players/grm/class_officer_i.pcx: 1940 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/doomtownbh.cfg: 32 bytes
Execing cfg/doomtownbh.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/doomtownbh.txt: 0 bytes
