open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint44.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint44.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint44.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint44.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint44.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint44.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint44.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint44.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint44.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint44.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint44.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint44.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint44.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint44.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint44.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint44.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint44.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint44.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint44.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brick_4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile42.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile42.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/tiles/tile42.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile42.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile42.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/tiles/tile42.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile42.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile42.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/tiles/tile42.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile42.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile42.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/tiles/tile42.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light15.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light15.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light15.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light15.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light15.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light15.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light15.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light15.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light15.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light15.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light15.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light15.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/da_bricka.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood44.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood44.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood44.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood44.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood44.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood44.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood44.tga: 88943 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood44.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/doomtownbhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/doomtownbhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/doomtownbhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/doomtownbhv2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/doomtownbhv2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/doomtownbhv2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/doomtownbhv2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/doomtownbhv2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/doomtownbhv2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/doomtownbhv2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/doomtownbhv2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/doomtownbhv2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/doomtownbhv2.pcx: 116200 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/teams/rus.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/teams/rus.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/teams/rus.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.pcx: 1406 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Igor connected.
Franz connected.
Igor joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_infantry.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_infantry.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_infantry.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_infantry.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_infantry.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_infantry.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_infantry.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_infantry.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_infantry.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/class_infantry.pcx: 89458 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/weapon.md2: 15904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_infantry_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_infantry_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_infantry_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_infantry_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_infantry_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_infantry_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_infantry_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_infantry_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_infantry_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_infantry_i.pcx: 1265 bytes
Franz joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_special.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_special.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_special.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/class_special.pcx: 79831 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_special_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_special_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_special_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/players/grm/class_special_i.pcx: 1940 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/misc/prone2.wav: 31782 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/doomtownbhv2.cfg: 32 bytes
Execing cfg/doomtownbhv2.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/doomtownbhv2.txt: 0 bytes
