open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light15.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light15.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light15.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light15.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light15.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris05.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris05.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/debris05.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris05.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris05.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/debris05.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris05.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris05.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/debris05.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris05.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris05.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/debris05.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement24.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement24.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement24.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement24.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement24.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement24.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement24.tga: 254578 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement24.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood45.tga: 97381 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood45.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build79.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build79.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build79.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build79.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof06.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof06.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/roof06.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/roof06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof06.tga: 61004 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof06.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build79.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build79.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build79.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build79.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build79.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build79.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build79.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build79.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build79.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build79.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build79.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build79.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build79.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build79.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build79.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build79.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build79.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/windowswall.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window84.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window84.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window84.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window84.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window84.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window84.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window84.tga: 261026 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window84.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build68.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build74.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build74.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build74.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build74.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build74.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build74.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build74.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build74.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build74.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build74.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build74.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build74.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build74.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build74.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build74.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build74.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build74.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build74.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build74.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build74.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build74.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build74.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build74.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build74.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build74.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build164.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build164.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build164.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build164.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/roof01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/roof01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof01.tga: 65447 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof01.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build164.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build164.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build164.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build164.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build164.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build164.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build164.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build164.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build164.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build164.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build164.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build164.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build164.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build164.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build164.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build164.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build164.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build163.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build163.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build163.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build163.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof04.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/roof04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/roof04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof04.tga: 1013099 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof04.wal: 348260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build163.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build163.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build163.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build163.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build163.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build163.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build163.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build163.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build163.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build163.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build163.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build163.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build163.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build163.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build163.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build163.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build163.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/dach1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/dach1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/dach1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/dach1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/dach1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/dach1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/dach1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/dach1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/dach1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/dach1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/dach1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/dach1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/dach1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/dach1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/dach1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/dach1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/dach1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/dach1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/dach1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/dach1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/dach1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/dach1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/dach1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/dach1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_shots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/hedgem02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/hedgem02.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/hedgem02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/hedgem02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/hedgem02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/hedgem02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/hedgem02.tga: 257108 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/hedgem02.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/doomtownbhv3.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/doomtownbhv3.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/doomtownbhv3.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/doomtownbhv3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/doomtownbhv3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/doomtownbhv3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/doomtownbhv3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/doomtownbhv3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/doomtownbhv3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/doomtownbhv3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/doomtownbhv3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/doomtownbhv3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/doomtownbhv3.pcx: 116200 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/teams/rus.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/teams/rus.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/teams/rus.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.pcx: 1406 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
unnamed is now an Observer.
Type "Observer" to leave observer mode.
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/doomtownbhv3.cfg: 34 bytes
Execing cfg/doomtownbhv3.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/doomtownbhv3.txt: 0 bytes
