directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/burned/burned10.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned10.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned10.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/burned/burned10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned10.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned10.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/burned/burned10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned10.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned10.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/burned/burned10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint122.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood64.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned05.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint94.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light12.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light12.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light12.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light12.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/lights/light12.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/lights/light12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/net2.wal: 3160 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/doomtownbh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/doomtownbh.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/doomtownbh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/doomtownbh.pcx: 116200 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.pcx: 1406 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Molotov connected.
Goebbels connected.
Boris connected.
Adolf connected.
Rostislav connected.
Lars connected.
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/doomtownbh.cfg: 32 bytes
Execing cfg/doomtownbh.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/doomtownbh.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/doomtownbh.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/doomtownab.bsp: 937656 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: doomtownab
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/doomtownab.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/doomtownab.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/doomtownab.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for doomtownab.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/doomtownab.pcx...error.
mdlskin is not a field
mdl is not a field
mdlskin is not a field
mdl is not a field
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: doomtownab
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Brits vs Yanks
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_sr_m2a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_mf_v12b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_sr_m7.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/fl_st_m1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_sr_m4a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m1a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_rc_v19.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_rc_v15.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1z.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/r_sr_m2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chrome1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_ma1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/ti_rc_c12.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v4a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/damage1_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rooftop1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_barrel3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_barrel4t.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cratex2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_webley/tris.md2: 21560 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_webley/skin.pcx: 19521 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_webley/tris.md2: 296604 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_303/tris.md2: 12748 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_303.pcx: 68241 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_303/tris2.md2: 382360 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_303/skin.pcx: 89672 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_sten/tris.md2: 14216 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_sten/skin.pcx: 42369 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_sten/tris.md2: 289504 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_sten/skin.pcx: 30447 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_bren/tris.md2: 8132 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_bren.pcx: 101978 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_bren/tris.md2: 227708 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_bren/arms.pcx: 156215 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_vickers/tris.md2: 28544 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_vickers.pcx: 36044 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_vickers/tris.md2: 601728 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_vickers/skin.pcx: 28544 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/models/weapons/gbr/g_piat/tris.md2: 11344 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/models/weapons/gbr/g_piat/skin.pcx: 38650 
bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_piat/tris.md2: 202388 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_piat/skin.pcx: 35186 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_303s/tris.md2: 23456 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_303s/skin.pcx: 57848 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_303s/tris.md2: 475600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_303s/skin.pcx: 86826 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_grenade/tris.md2: 29708 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_grenade/skin.pcx: 39763 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_grenade/tris.md2: 105264 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_grenade/skin.pcx: 68518 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/webbullets/tris.md2: 6732 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/303mag/tris.md2: 3768 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/stenmag/tris.md2: 2540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/brenmag/tris.md2: 2064 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/brenmag/skin.pcx: 7593 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/vickdrum/tris.md2: 11092 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/piatrocks/tris.md2: 4344 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/piatrocks/skin.pcx: 12692 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/303smag/tris.md2: 3768 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/tris.md2: 1092108 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_webley.md2: 449528 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_303.md2: 247724 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_sten.md2: 224800 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_sten.pcx: 42178 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_bren.md2: 192860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_vickers.md2: 665072 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_piat.md2: 759308 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_piat.pcx: 14065 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_303s.md2: 525964 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_303s.pcx: 57776 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/a_mills_bomb.md2: 261740 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_flame.md2: 248260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_flame.pcx: 22675 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/gbrplane/tris.md2: 20288 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/gbrplane/skin.pcx: 13330 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/tris.md2: 7168 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/skin.pcx: 9215 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/tris.md2: 126332 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/skin.pcx: 27836 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/tris.md2: 4916 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/skin.pcx: 34838 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/tris.md2: 197204 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/skin.pcx: 39611 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/tris.md2: 6216 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/skin.pcx: 37969 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/tris.md2: 112368
 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/skin.pcx: 73665 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/tris.md2: 6868 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/skin.pcx: 15460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/tris.md2: 133564 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/skin.pcx: 25192 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bhmg/tris.md2: 4752 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bhmg/skin.pcx: 18742 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/tris.md2: 171696 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/skin.pcx: 24678 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/tris.md2: 6540 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/skin.pcx: 10987 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/tris.md2: 105704 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/skin.pcx: 23554 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/tris.md2: 16372 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/skin.pcx: 50990 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/tris.md2: 305860 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/skin.pcx: 90762 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/tris.md2: 8184 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/skin.pcx: 46386 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/tris.md2: 196452 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/skin.pcx: 62929 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/items/ammo/lmg2/tris.md2: 728 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/items/ammo/lmg2/skin.pcx: 2077 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/tris.md2: 1121488 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_colt45.md2: 181676 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_colt45.pcx: 9624 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1.md2: 90004 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1.pcx: 16629 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_thompson.md2: 116976 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_thompson.pcx: 36975 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bar.md2: 128820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bar.pcx: 15460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bhmg.md2: 102568 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bhmg.pcx: 18742 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bazooka.md2: 147272 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bazooka.pcx: 10987 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1903.md2: 351776 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1903.pcx: 50990 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/a_grenade.md2: 56592 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/a_grenade.pcx: 16364 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_flame.md2: 112536 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_flame.pcx: 19125 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_morphine.md2: 120848 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_morphine.pcx: 7774 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_knife.md2: 99544 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_knife.pcx: 10495 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_binoc.md2: 231408 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/tris.md2: 9752 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/skin.pcx: 44076 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/tris.md2: 980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/skin.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_303.pcx: 1711 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_sten.pcx: 1736 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_vickers.pcx: 1324 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_piat.pcx: 2027 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_303s.pcx: 1751 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_webley.pcx: 1554 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_303.pcx: 1362 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_sten.pcx: 1322 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_vickers.pcx: 1201 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_303s.pcx: 1362 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/scope_gbr.pcx: 5871 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_gbr.pcx: 4449 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m1.pcx: 1874 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_thompson.pcx: 2003 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bar.pcx: 1834 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bhmg.pcx: 2012 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bazooka.pcx: 1757 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m1903.pcx: 1976 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/scope_usa.pcx: 4425 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/victory_usa.pcx: 5894 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1rt.tga: 71518 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1bk.tga: 86934 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1lf.tga: 77122 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1ft.tga: 106050 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1up.tga: 97286 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1dn.tga: 7742 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/webley/fire.wav: 49288 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/webley/reload.wav: 54874 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/webley/unload.wav: 47180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/303/fire.wav: 57292 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/303/lastround.wav: 51500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/303/reload.wav: 64112 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/303/unload.wav: 16488 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/bayonet/hit.wav: 3352 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/bayonet/stab.wav: 14332 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/bayonet/swipe.wav: 9588 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/sten/fire.wav: 68510 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/sten/reload.wav: 29414 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/sten/unload.wav: 9596 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/sten/jam.wav: 17236 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/bren/fire.wav: 22747 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/bren/reload.wav: 26479 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/bren/unload.wav: 14092 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/vickers/fire.wav: 29158 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/vickers/reload.wav: 36350 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/vickers/unload.wav: 27318 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/vickers/bolt.wav: 10188 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/piat/fire.wav: 39596 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/piat/reload.wav: 8596 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/piat/rockfly.wav: 15996 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/303s/fire.wav: 84234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/303s/lastround.wav: 84234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/303s/reload.wav: 64112 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/303s/unload.wav: 16488 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/victory.wav: 471212 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/fire.wav: 17454 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/reload.wav: 7044 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/unload.wav: 6724 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/fire.wav: 29600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/lastround.wav: 58612 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/reload.wav: 9776 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/unload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/fire.wav: 32032 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/reload.wav: 13484 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/unload.wav: 4822 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/fire.wav: 90498 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/reload.wav: 20378 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/unload.wav: 16492 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/fire.wav: 53996 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/reload.wav: 33436 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/unload.wav: 48514 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/fire.wav: 79350 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/reload.wav: 17436 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/rockfly.wav: 82186 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/fire.wav: 73440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/lastround.wav: 158024 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/reload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/unload.wav: 7644 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/victory.wav: 125886 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/doomtownab.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/doomtownab.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/doomtownab.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.pcx: 1613 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/doomtownab.cfg: 33 bytes
Execing cfg/doomtownab.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/doomtownab.txt: 0 bytes
