open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_floor10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_floor10.tga: 788911 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_floor10.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/TIMPOD7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/timpod7.png: 3363 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/TIMPOD7.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/TRK_BED.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_bed.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/TRK_BED.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_bed.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/TRK_BED.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/TRK_BED.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_bed.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/TRK_BED.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_bed.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/TRK_BED.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/TRK_BED.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_bed.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/TRK_BED.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_bed.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/TRK_BED.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/trk_bed.wal: 10300 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/TIMPOD6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/timpod6.png: 4305 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/TIMPOD6.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/TIMPOD.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/timpod.png: 1243 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/TIMPOD.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/WGRATE1_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wgrate1_5.png: 5052 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/WGRATE1_5.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/RTILE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rtile.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/RTILE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rtile.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/RTILE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/RTILE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rtile.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/RTILE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rtile.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/RTILE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/RTILE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rtile.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/RTILE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rtile.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/RTILE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rtile.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/TRK_TIRE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_tire.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/TRK_TIRE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_tire.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/TRK_TIRE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/TRK_TIRE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_tire.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/TRK_TIRE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_tire.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/TRK_TIRE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/TRK_TIRE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_tire.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/TRK_TIRE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_tire.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/TRK_TIRE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/trk_tire.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/LCPSIDE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/lcpside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/LCPSIDE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/lcpside.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/LCPSIDE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/LCPSIDE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/lcpside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/LCPSIDE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/lcpside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/LCPSIDE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/LCPSIDE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/lcpside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/LCPSIDE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/lcpside.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/LCPSIDE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/lcpside.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/SUPPORT1_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/support1_1.png: 3130 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/SUPPORT1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/TIMPOD8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/timpod8.png: 2890 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/TIMPOD8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/lcpside2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/lcpside2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/lcpside2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/lcpside2.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sarge1/p51-stripes.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sarge1/p51-stripes.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/sarge1/p51-stripes.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sarge1/p51-stripes.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sarge1/p51-stripes.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/sarge1/p51-stripes.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sarge1/p51-stripes.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sarge1/p51-stripes.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/sarge1/p51-stripes.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/sarge1/p51-stripes.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/street1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/street1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/street1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/street1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/street1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/street1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/street1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/street1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/street1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/street1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_seat.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_seat.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/trk_seat.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_seat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_seat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/trk_seat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_seat.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_seat.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/trk_seat.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/trk_seat.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tread.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tread.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tread.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_tread.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tire.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tire.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tire.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_tire.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal46_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal46_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metal46_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal46_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal46_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metal46_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal46_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal46_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metal46_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/metal46_4.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metalx.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metalx.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/metalx.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metalx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metalx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/metalx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metalx.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metalx.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/metalx.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/metalx.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/breechside002.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/breechside002.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/breechside002.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/breechside002.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/breechside002.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/breechside002.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/breechside002.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/breechside002.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/breechside002.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/breechside002.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_bed.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_bed.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_bed.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_bed.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_bed.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_bed.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_bed.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_bed.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_bed.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_bed.wal: 10300 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood14.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a10.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a10.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a10.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/colbldg5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/colbldg5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/colbldg5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/colbldg5.wal: 54500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/stucco1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/stucco1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/stucco1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/stucco1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucsign.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucsign.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_stucsign.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucsign.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucsign.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_stucsign.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucsign.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucsign.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_stucsign.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_stucsign.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucbrick.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucbrick.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_stucbrick.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucbrick.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucbrick.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_stucbrick.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucbrick.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucbrick.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_stucbrick.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_stucbrick.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/c_met7_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/c_met7_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/c_met7_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/c_met7_2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_tile31.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_tile31.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_tile31.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_tile31.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_tile31.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_tile31.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_tile31.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_tile31.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_tile31.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_tile31.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/hedge.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/hedge.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/hedge.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/hedge.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/hedge.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/hedge.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/hedge.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/hedge.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/hedge.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/hedge.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/forest3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/forest3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/forest3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/forest3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/forest3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/forest3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/forest3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/forest3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/forest3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/forest3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/cobblestreet2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/cobblestreet2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/perez/cobblestreet2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/cobblestreet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/cobblestreet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/perez/cobblestreet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/cobblestreet2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/cobblestreet2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/perez/cobblestreet2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/cobblestreet2.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/floor_grated.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/floor_grated.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/floor_grated.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/floor_grated.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/floor_grated.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/floor_grated.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/floor_grated.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/floor_grated.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/floor_grated.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/floor_grated.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brickb1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brickb1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brickb1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brickb1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/colbldg2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/colbldg2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/colbldg2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/colbldg2.wal: 65380 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/leaves2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/leaves2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/gimp/leaves2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/leaves2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/leaves2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/gimp/leaves2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/leaves2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/leaves2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/gimp/leaves2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/leaves2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye_side.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wall18.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wall18.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wall18.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wall18.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a17.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a17.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a17.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a17.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a17.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/window1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/basic1_7.png: 3248 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/basic1_7.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/winlight1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/winlight1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/winlight1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/winlight1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/winlight1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/winlight1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/winlight1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/winlight1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/winlight1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/winlight1.wal: 3160 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/winlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/winlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/winlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/winlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/winlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/winlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/winlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/winlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/winlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/winlight.wal: 3160 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_window2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_window2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_window2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ladder.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ladder.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/ladder.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ladder.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ladder.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/ladder.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ladder.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ladder.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/ladder.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/ladder.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a6.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a6.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a6.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/stone_walk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/stone_walk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/stone_walk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/stone_walk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/stone_walk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/stone_walk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/stone_walk.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/stone_walk.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/stone_walk.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/stone_walk.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/grass.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/grass.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/grass.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/grass.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/grass.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/grass.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/grass.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/grass.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/grass.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/grass.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/stone_grass_end.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/stone_grass_end.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/stone_grass_end.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/stone_grass_end.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/stone_grass_end.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/stone_grass_end.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/stone_grass_end.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/stone_grass_end.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/stone_grass_end.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/stone_grass_end.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/stone_grass_straight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/stone_grass_straight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/stone_grass_straight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/stone_grass_straight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/stone_grass_straight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/stone_grass_straight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/stone_grass_straight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/stone_grass_straight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/stone_grass_straight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/stone_grass_straight.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/grass1_8.png: 4852 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/grass1_8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rock0_1.png: 28193 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/rock0_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/rocks16_2.png: 27227 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/rocks16_2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cement1.png: 104274 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cement1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/mr_rock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/mr_rock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/mr_rock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pillar.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pillar.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/pillar.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pillar.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pillar.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/pillar.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pillar.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pillar.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/pillar.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/pillar.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkup.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkup.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkup.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkup.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_bkup.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/barb2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/barb2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/barb2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/barb2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/barb2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/barb2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/barb2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/barb2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/barb2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/barb2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/0798WATER.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/0798water.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/0798WATER.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/0798water.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/0798WATER.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/0798WATER.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/0798water.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/0798WATER.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/0798water.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/0798WATER.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/0798WATER.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/0798water.tga: 786971 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/0798water.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MARBLE1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/marble1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MARBLE1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/marble1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MARBLE1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MARBLE1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/marble1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MARBLE1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/marble1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MARBLE1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MARBLE1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/marble1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MARBLE1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/marble1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MARBLE1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/marble1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wall_part.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wall_part.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/wall_part.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wall_part.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wall_part.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/wall_part.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wall_part.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wall_part.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/wall_part.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/wall_part.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metal_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metal_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/metal_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metal_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metal_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/metal_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metal_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metal_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/metal_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/metal_2.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal_floor.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal_floor.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metal_floor.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal_floor.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal_floor.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metal_floor.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal_floor.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal_floor.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metal_floor.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/metal_floor.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile9.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile9.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile9.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile9.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile9.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile9.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile9.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile6.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile6.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile6.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/stripes.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/stripes.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/stripes.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/stripes.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/stripes.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/stripes.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/stripes.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/stripes.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/stripes.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/stripes.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate01b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate01b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate01b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate01b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate01b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate01b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate01b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate01b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate01b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/crate01b.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate02b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate02b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate02b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/crate02b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxsd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxsd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxsd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_boxsd.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_boxtop.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate4c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate4c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate4c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate4c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate4c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate4c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate4c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate4c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate4c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/crate4c.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/ceil1_11.png: 415 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/ceil1_11.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/window2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/trigger.png: 288 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/trigger.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1rt.tga: 71518 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1bk.tga: 86934 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1lf.tga: 77122 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1ft.tga: 106050 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1up.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1up.tga: 97286 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1dn.tga: 7742 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dinant/tank.wav: 16748 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/battle1.wav: 621612 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/beach/gatling.wav: 1582124 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/electro.wav: 59958 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/cricket1.wav: 80923 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dinant/water.wav: 88114 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday3/truck.wav: 102202 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/fight.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/fight.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/fight.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/fight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/fight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/fight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/fight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/fight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/fight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/fight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/fight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/fight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/fight.pcx: 69577 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/fight.cfg: 28 bytes
Execing cfg/fight.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/fight.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/fight.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/fight1.bsp: 702184 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: fight1
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/fight1.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/fight1.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/fight1.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for fight1.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/fight1.pcx...error.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: fight1
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
PowaBanga connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




La Jaula - By Tipper B. Squawkin'
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wdfence.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wdfence.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/wdfence.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wdfence.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wdfence.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/wdfence.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wdfence.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wdfence.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/wdfence.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wdfence.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/straw.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/straw.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/straw.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/straw.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/straw.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/straw.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/straw.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/straw.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/straw.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/straw.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood4.jpg: 41308 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood4.wal: 7240 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a3.tga: 197659 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/fence.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/fence.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/fence.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/fence.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/fence.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/fence.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/fence.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/fence.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/fence.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/fence.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door1.tga: 393234 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/door1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/metal35_1.png: 17364 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/metal35_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/wndow1_2.png: 2061 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/wndow1_2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/tris.md2: 980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/debris1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/debris1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/debris1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/skin.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/brkglas.wav: 73058 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/fight1.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/fight1.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/fight1.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/fight1.cfg: 29 bytes
Execing cfg/fight1.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/fight1.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/fight1.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/fforest.bsp: 532396 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: fforest
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/fforest.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/fforest.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/fforest.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for fforest.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/fforest.pcx...error.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: fforest
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
PowaBanga connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Forbidden Forest 
By [db]Julhelm
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/-0sand.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/-0sand.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/-0sand.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/-0sand.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/-0sand.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/-0sand.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/-0sand.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/-0sand.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/-0sand.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/-0sand.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/grass1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/grass1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/perez/grass1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/grass1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/grass1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/perez/grass1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/grass1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/grass1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/perez/grass1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/grass1.wal: 65380 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/trees3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/trees3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/trees3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/trees3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/trees3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/trees3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/trees3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/trees3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/trees3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/trees3.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/camp/canopy.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/camp/canopy.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/camp/canopy.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/camp/canopy.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/camp/canopy.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/camp/canopy.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/camp/canopy.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/camp/canopy.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/camp/canopy.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/camp/canopy.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/sky1.png: 685 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/windr.wav: 211264 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/wolfh1.wav: 175468 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/thunder2.wav: 36320 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/owl6.wav: 64918 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/fforest.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/fforest.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/fforest.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/fforest.cfg: 24 bytes
Execing cfg/fforest.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/fforest.txt: 0 bytes
