open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/deadbods/dude/tris.md2: 22856 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/deadbods/dude/skin.pcx: 51658 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner4/tris.md2: 12544 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner4/skin.pcx: 44612 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner2/tris.md2: 13532 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner2/skin.pcx: 48931 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1rt.tga: 71518 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1bk.tga: 86934 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1lf.tga: 77122 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1ft.tga: 106050 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1up.tga: 97286 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1dn.tga: 7742 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/fracaro/fr.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/fracaro/fr.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/fracaro/fr.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/fracaro/fire.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/fracaro/fire.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/fracaro/fire.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/fracaro/aa.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/fracaro/aa.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/fracaro/aa.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/fracaro/bixo.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/fracaro/bixo.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/fracaro/bixo.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bird4.wav: 65080 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/spitfire.wav: 104128 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/caenamb.wav: 1139458 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/afrowuk/hurricane.wav: 120170 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/cherbourg/amb1.wav: 3836050 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/fracaro.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/fracaro.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/fracaro.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/fracaro.cfg: 29 bytes
Execing cfg/fracaro.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/fracaro.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/fracaro.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/formul1.bsp: 441752 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: formul1
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/formul1.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/formul1.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/formul1.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for formul1.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/formul1.pcx...error.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: formul1
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Certain By L.T. Mark
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_muddy1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/vllcbbl2.wal: 13700 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/grassrt2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/trans_ironfence.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/megamikedeus2/woodplank.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/fence.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/window3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/woodweth.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_plain3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_snw_wood1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/smoecm2/smoebuilddrt.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/colhous2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gypsy/roof01.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick4.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_house3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick5.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/damage1_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gypsy/roof02.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btdr.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick7a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick7ab.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/tree4.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/tree5.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1rt.tga: 206962 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1bk.tga: 196222 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1lf.tga: 205806 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1ft.tga: 203906 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1up.tga: 214582 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1dn.tga: 155902 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/formul1.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/formul1.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/formul1.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/formul1.cfg: 32 bytes
Execing cfg/formul1.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/formul1.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/formul1.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/forestraid.bsp: 3690032 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: forestraid
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/forestraid.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/forestraid.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/forestraid.ent: No such file or directory
forestraid.ent Loaded
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/forestraid.pcx...error.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: forestraid
forestraid.cmp Loaded
-------------------------------------
       : AI: Nodes Initialized.
       : loaded nodes:106.
       : added nodes:3.
       : total nodes:109.
       : loaded links:268.
       : added links:0.
       : added jump links:0.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Forest Raid by gimp
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/leaf6.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/bark.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/bark5.wal: 164660 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/0798water.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/wood2.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/grass6.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/leaves4.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/dirt.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/sand2.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/dirt2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/grass1_base1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/bark2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/dirt3.wal: 119780 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/trigger.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/leaves3.wal: 41240 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/leaves6.wal: 164660 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/leaves1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/leaves7.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/skip.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/hint.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/bark3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/redstone.wal: 164660 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/bark4.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/tris.md2: 980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/skin.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_shotgun/tris.md2: 11704 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_shotgun/skin.pcx: 26984 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_shotgun/tris.md2: 224332 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_shotgun/skin.pcx: 26305 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/shells/tris.md2: 6048 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_shotgun.md2: 269344 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nambu/tris.md2: 20032 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nambu/skin.pcx: 19127 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nambu/tris.md2: 356092 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_arisaka/tris.md2: 21748 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisakas/skin.pcx: 29282 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisaka/trisb.md2: 433400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisaka/skinb.pcx: 33314 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_100/tris.md2: 20540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_100/skin.pcx: 34861 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_100/tris.md2: 296036 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_100/skin.pcx: 34861 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_99/tris.md2: 26368 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_99/skin.pcx: 26599 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_99/tris.md2: 346508 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_arisakas/tris.md2: 23224 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisakas/tris.md2: 368128 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_katana/tris.md2: 5368 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_katana/skin.pcx: 31565 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_katana/tris.md2: 84268 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_molotov/tris.md2: 5512 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.pcx: 69204 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/tris.md2: 94832 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nade/tris.md2: 2920 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nade/skin.pcx: 24258 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nade/tris.md2: 240972 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nade/skin.pcx: 42831 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/jpn/pistolmag/tris.md2: 4896 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/jpn/riflemag/tris.md2: 12096 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/jpn/smgmag/tris.md2: 2896 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/jpn/lmgmag/tris.md2: 3008 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/tris.md2: 1025124 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/w_nambu.md2: 414820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nambu/skin.pcx: 19127 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/w_arisaka.md2: 415428 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_arisaka/skin.pcx: 30344 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/w_type_100.md2: 369672 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/w_type_99.md2: 589388 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_99/skin.pcx: 26599 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/w_panzer.md2: 183760 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/w_arisakas.md2: 441912 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/a_97_grenade.md2: 55212 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/w_katana.md2: 151388 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_shotgun.pcx: 1369 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_shells.pcx: 1189 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_nambu.pcx: 1254 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_arisaka.pcx: 1668 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_type_100.pcx: 1748 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_type_99.pcx: 1669 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_arisakas.pcx: 1760 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_katana.pcx: 1235 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_molotov.pcx: 1503 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_jpn_grenade.pcx: 1141 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/a_nambu.pcx: 1096 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/a_arisaka.pcx: 1284 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/a_arisakas.pcx: 1284 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_type_100.pcx: 1151 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_type_99.pcx: 1129 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/scope_jpn.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/victory_jpn.pcx: 6365 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskyrt.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskybk.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskylf.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskyft.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskyup.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskydn.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gimp/golden_whistler.wav: 738120 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gimp/cricket1.wav: 80923 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gimp/creek_ambient.wav: 3071660 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gimp/birds1.wav: 674776 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gimp/5insx.wav: 109952 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gimp/cricket2.wav: 529420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gimp/birds2.wav: 544812 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gimp/cicada3.wav: 64580 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gimp/frog.wav: 499756 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gimp/cicada1.wav: 438096 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gimp/cicada2.wav: 518188 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/shotgun/fire.wav: 34902 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/shotgun/reload.wav: 18932 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/nambu/fire.wav: 46810 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/nambu/reload.wav: 12470 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/nambu/unload.wav: 13842 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/arisaka/fire.wav: 69996 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/arisaka/lastround.wav: 69996 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/arisaka/reload.wav: 24904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/arisaka/unload.wav: 28140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/type_100/fire.wav: 42882 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/type_100/reload.wav: 27784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/type_100/unload.wav: 14486 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/type_99/fire.wav: 80714 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/type_99/reload.wav: 46380 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/type_99/unload.wav: 24330 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/arisakas/fire.wav: 63646 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/arisakas/lastround.wav: 63646 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/arisakas/reload.wav: 24904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/arisakas/unload.wav: 28140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/victory.wav: 618990 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/forestraid.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/forestraid.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/forestraid.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/teams/jpn.pcx: 1969 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
loBOTomy connected.
Yamamoto connected.
Winters connected.
Daisuke connected.
saBOTage connected.
Tojo connected.
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/forestraid.cfg: 33 bytes
Execing cfg/forestraid.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/forestraid.txt: 0 bytes
