open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/deadbods/dude/tris.md2: 22856 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/deadbods/dude/skin.pcx: 51658 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner4/tris.md2: 12544 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner4/skin.pcx: 44612 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner2/tris.md2: 13532 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner2/skin.pcx: 48931 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1rt.tga: 71518 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1bk.tga: 86934 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1lf.tga: 77122 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1ft.tga: 106050 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1up.tga: 97286 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1dn.tga: 7742 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/fracaro/fr.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/fracaro/fr.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/fracaro/fr.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/fracaro/fire.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/fracaro/fire.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/fracaro/fire.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/fracaro/aa.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/fracaro/aa.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/fracaro/aa.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/fracaro/bixo.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/fracaro/bixo.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/fracaro/bixo.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bird4.wav: 65080 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/spitfire.wav: 104128 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/caenamb.wav: 1139458 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/afrowuk/hurricane.wav: 120170 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/cherbourg/amb1.wav: 3836050 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/fracaro.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/fracaro.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/fracaro.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/fracaro.cfg: 29 bytes
Execing cfg/fracaro.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/fracaro.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/fracaro.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/formul1.bsp: 441752 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: formul1
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/formul1.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/formul1.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/formul1.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for formul1.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/formul1.pcx...error.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: formul1
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Certain By L.T. Mark
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_muddy1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/vllcbbl2.wal: 13700 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/grassrt2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/trans_ironfence.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/megamikedeus2/woodplank.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/fence.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/window3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/woodweth.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_plain3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_snw_wood1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/smoecm2/smoebuilddrt.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/colhous2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gypsy/roof01.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick4.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_house3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick5.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/damage1_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gypsy/roof02.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btdr.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick7a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick7ab.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/tree4.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/tree5.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1rt.tga: 206962 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1bk.tga: 196222 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1lf.tga: 205806 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1ft.tga: 203906 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1up.tga: 214582 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1dn.tga: 155902 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/formul1.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/formul1.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/formul1.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/formul1.cfg: 32 bytes
Execing cfg/formul1.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/formul1.txt: 0 bytes
