directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/terra.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/muro_de_sangue.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/fracaro/grama.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/deadbods/dude/tris.md2: 22856 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/deadbods/dude/skin.pcx: 51658 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner4/tris.md2: 12544 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner4/skin.pcx: 44612 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner2/tris.md2: 13532 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner2/skin.pcx: 48931 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1rt.tga: 71518 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1bk.tga: 86934 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1lf.tga: 77122 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1ft.tga: 106050 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1up.tga: 97286 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1dn.tga: 7742 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/fracaro/fr.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/fracaro/fr.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/fracaro/fr.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/fracaro/fire.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/fracaro/fire.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/fracaro/fire.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/fracaro/aa.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/fracaro/aa.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/fracaro/aa.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/fracaro/bixo.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/fracaro/bixo.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/fracaro/bixo.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bird4.wav: 65080 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/spitfire.wav: 104128 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/caenamb.wav: 1139458 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/afrowuk/hurricane.wav: 120170 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/cherbourg/amb1.wav: 3836050 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/fracaro.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/fracaro.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/fracaro.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/fracaro.cfg: 29 bytes
Execing cfg/fracaro.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/fracaro.txt: 0 bytes
