directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm24.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow97.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/frozenbh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/frozenbh.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/frozenbh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/frozenbh.pcx: 56851 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.pcx: 1406 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Rostislav connected.
Niels connected.
CosmoBOT connected.
BOTwurst connected.
Dmitri connected.
Goebbels connected.
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/frozenbh.cfg: 30 bytes
Execing cfg/frozenbh.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/frozenbh.txt: 0 bytes
