open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_rt.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_bk.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_lf.tga: 197147 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_ft.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_up.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_dn.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/frozenbhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/frozenbhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/frozenbhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/frozenbhv2.pcx: 132072 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.pcx: 1406 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Vladimir connected.
Dork connected.
Rostislav connected.
Erik connected.
Zhukov connected.
Rommel connected.
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/frozenbhv2.cfg: 30 bytes
Execing cfg/frozenbhv2.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/frozenbhv2.txt: 0 bytes
