open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/door2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/door2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/door2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/door2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/door2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/door2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/door2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/asphalt01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/asphalt01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/asphalt01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/asphalt01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/asphalt01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/asphalt01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/asphalt01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/asphalt01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/asphalt01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/asphalt01.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/jeep1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/jeep1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/jeep1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep1.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/jeep2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/jeep2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/jeep2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/jeep2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/rimz1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/rimz1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/rimz1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/rimz1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/rimz1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/rimz1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/rimz1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/rimz1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/scuzzy/rimz1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/scuzzy/rimz1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tread.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tread.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tread.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_tread.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_canvas.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_canvas.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_canvas.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_canvas.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_canvas.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_canvas.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_canvas.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_canvas.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_canvas.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_canvas.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/fuse_box1a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/fuse_box1a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/jul2/fuse_box1a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/fuse_box1a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/fuse_box1a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/jul2/fuse_box1a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/fuse_box1a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/fuse_box1a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/jul2/fuse_box1a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/fuse_box1a.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/diamond_m03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/diamond_m03.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/jul2/diamond_m03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/diamond_m03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/diamond_m03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/jul2/diamond_m03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/diamond_m03.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/diamond_m03.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/jul2/diamond_m03.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/diamond_m03.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/boat.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/boat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/boat.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/boat.wal: 3160 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/metal_m01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/metal_m01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/jul2/metal_m01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/metal_m01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/metal_m01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/jul2/metal_m01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/metal_m01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/metal_m01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/jul2/metal_m01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/metal_m01.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/ametal_m03_0000.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/ametal_m03_0000.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/jul2/ametal_m03_0000.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/ametal_m03_0000.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/ametal_m03_0000.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/jul2/ametal_m03_0000.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/ametal_m03_0000.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/ametal_m03_0000.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/jul2/ametal_m03_0000.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/ametal_m03_0000.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/door_loper2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/door_loper2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/jul2/door_loper2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/door_loper2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/door_loper2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/jul2/door_loper2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/door_loper2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/door_loper2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/jul2/door_loper2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jul2/door_loper2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/dumpsterside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/dumpsterside.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/dumpsterside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/dumpsterside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/dumpsterside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/dumpsterside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/dumpsterside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/dumpsterside.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/dumpsterside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/dumpsterside.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/dumpsterfront.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/dumpsterfront.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/dumpsterfront.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/dumpsterfront.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/dumpsterfront.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/dumpsterfront.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/dumpsterfront.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/dumpsterfront.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/dumpsterfront.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/dumpsterfront.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/ST0139.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/TSSPTS.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/tsspts.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/TSSPTS.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/tsspts.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/TSSPTS.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/TSSPTS.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/tsspts.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/TSSPTS.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/tsspts.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/TSSPTS.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/TSSPTS.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/tsspts.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/TSSPTS.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/tsspts.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/TSSPTS.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/TSSPTS.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/tsspts.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/sky1.png: 685 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/TSVENT.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/tsvent.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/TSVENT.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/tsvent.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/TSVENT.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/TSVENT.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/tsvent.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/TSVENT.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/tsvent.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/TSVENT.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/TSVENT.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/tsvent.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/TSVENT.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/tsvent.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/TSVENT.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/TSVENT.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/tsvent.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/door1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/door1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/door1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/door1.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/comm1a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/comm1a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/comm1a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/comm1a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/comm1a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/comm1a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/comm1a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/comm1a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/comm1a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/comm1a.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_controls02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_controls02.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_controls02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_controls02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_controls02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_controls02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_controls02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_controls02.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_controls02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_controls02.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar4.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar5.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar6.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar6.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar6.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar7.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar7.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar8.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar9.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar9.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar9.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar9.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar9.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar9.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar9.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar10.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar10.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar10.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar11.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar11.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar12.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar12.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar12.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_controls01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_controls01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_controls01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_controls01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_controls01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_controls01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_controls01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_controls01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_controls01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_controls01.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0173.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0173.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0173.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0173.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0173.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0173.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0173.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/julhelm/palmtree.md2: 8908 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/julhelm/palmtree.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/julhelm/palmtree.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/julhelm/palmtree.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/julhelm/palmtree.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/julhelm/palmtree.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/julhelm/palmtree.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/julhelm/palmtree.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/julhelm/palmtree.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/julhelm/palmtree.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/julhelm/palmtree.pcx: 34441 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nambu/tris.md2: 20032 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nambu/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nambu/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_nambu/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nambu/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nambu/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_nambu/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nambu/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nambu/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_nambu/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nambu/skin.pcx: 19127 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nambu/tris.md2: 356092 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_arisaka/tris.md2: 21748 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisakas/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisakas/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_arisakas/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisakas/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisakas/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_arisakas/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisakas/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisakas/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_arisakas/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisakas/skin.pcx: 29282 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisaka/trisb.md2: 433400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisaka/skinb.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisaka/skinb.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_arisaka/skinb.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisaka/skinb.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisaka/skinb.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_arisaka/skinb.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisaka/skinb.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisaka/skinb.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_arisaka/skinb.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisaka/skinb.pcx: 33314 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_100/tris.md2: 20540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_100/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_100/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/g_type_100/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_100/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_100/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/g_type_100/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_100/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_100/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/g_type_100/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_100/skin.pcx: 34861 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_100/tris.md2: 296036 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_100/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_100/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_type_100/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_100/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_100/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_type_100/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_100/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_100/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_type_100/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_100/skin.pcx: 34861 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_99/tris.md2: 26368 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_99/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_99/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_type_99/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_99/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_99/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_type_99/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_99/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_99/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_type_99/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_99/skin.pcx: 26599 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_99/tris.md2: 346508 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_arisakas/tris.md2: 23224 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisakas/tris.md2: 368128 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_katana/tris.md2: 5368 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_katana/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_katana/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_katana/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_katana/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_katana/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_katana/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_katana/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_katana/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_katana/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_katana/skin.pcx: 31565 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_katana/tris.md2: 84268 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_molotov/tris.md2: 5512 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.pcx: 69204 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/tris.md2: 94832 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nade/tris.md2: 2920 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/g_nade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/g_nade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/g_nade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nade/skin.pcx: 24258 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nade/tris.md2: 240972 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_nade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_nade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_nade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nade/skin.pcx: 42831 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/jpn/pistolmag/tris.md2: 4896 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/jpn/riflemag/tris.md2: 12096 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/jpn/smgmag/tris.md2: 2896 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/jpn/lmgmag/tris.md2: 3008 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/tris.md2: 1025124 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/w_nambu.md2: 414820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nambu/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nambu/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/g_nambu/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nambu/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nambu/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/g_nambu/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nambu/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nambu/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/g_nambu/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nambu/skin.pcx: 19127 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/w_arisaka.md2: 415428 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_arisaka/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_arisaka/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/g_arisaka/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_arisaka/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_arisaka/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/g_arisaka/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_arisaka/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_arisaka/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/g_arisaka/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_arisaka/skin.pcx: 30344 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/w_type_100.md2: 369672 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/w_type_99.md2: 589388 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_99/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_99/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/g_type_99/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_99/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_99/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/g_type_99/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_99/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_99/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/g_type_99/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_99/skin.pcx: 26599 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/w_panzer.md2: 183760 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/w_arisakas.md2: 441912 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/a_97_grenade.md2: 55212 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/w_katana.md2: 151388 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_nambu.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_nambu.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_nambu.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_nambu.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_nambu.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_nambu.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_nambu.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_nambu.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_nambu.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_nambu.pcx: 1254 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_arisaka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_arisaka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_arisaka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_arisaka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_arisaka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_arisaka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_arisaka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_arisaka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_arisaka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_arisaka.pcx: 1668 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_type_100.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_type_100.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_type_100.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_type_100.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_type_100.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_type_100.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_type_100.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_type_100.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_type_100.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_type_100.pcx: 1748 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_type_99.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_type_99.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_type_99.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_type_99.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_type_99.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_type_99.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_type_99.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_type_99.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_type_99.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_type_99.pcx: 1669 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_arisakas.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_arisakas.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_arisakas.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_arisakas.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_arisakas.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_arisakas.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_arisakas.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_arisakas.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_arisakas.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_arisakas.pcx: 1760 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_katana.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_katana.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_katana.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_katana.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_katana.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_katana.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_katana.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_katana.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_katana.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_katana.pcx: 1235 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_nambu.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_nambu.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_nambu.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_nambu.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_nambu.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_nambu.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_nambu.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_nambu.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_nambu.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/a_nambu.pcx: 1096 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_arisaka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_arisaka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_arisaka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_arisaka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_arisaka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_arisaka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_arisaka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_arisaka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_arisaka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/a_arisaka.pcx: 1284 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_arisakas.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_arisakas.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_arisakas.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_arisakas.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_arisakas.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_arisakas.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_arisakas.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_arisakas.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_arisakas.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/a_arisakas.pcx: 1284 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_jpn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_jpn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/scope_jpn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_jpn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_jpn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/scope_jpn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_jpn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_jpn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/scope_jpn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/scope_jpn.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_jpn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_jpn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/victory_jpn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_jpn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_jpn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/victory_jpn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_jpn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_jpn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/victory_jpn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/victory_jpn.pcx: 6365 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1rt.tga: 71518 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1bk.tga: 86934 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1lf.tga: 77122 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1ft.tga: 106050 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1up.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1up.tga: 97286 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1dn.tga: 7742 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_strt.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_mid.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_end.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/nambu/fire.wav: 46810 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/nambu/reload.wav: 12470 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/nambu/unload.wav: 13842 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/arisaka/fire.wav: 69996 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/arisaka/lastround.wav: 69996 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/arisaka/reload.wav: 24904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/arisaka/unload.wav: 28140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/type_100/fire.wav: 42882 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/type_100/reload.wav: 27784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/type_100/unload.wav: 14486 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/type_99/fire.wav: 80714 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/type_99/reload.wav: 46380 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/type_99/unload.wav: 24330 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/arisakas/fire.wav: 63646 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/arisakas/lastround.wav: 63646 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/arisakas/reload.wav: 24904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/arisakas/unload.wav: 28140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/victory.wav: 618990 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/garage.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/garage.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/garage.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/garage.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/garage.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/garage.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/garage.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/garage.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/garage.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/garage.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/garage.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/garage.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/garage.pcx: 71386 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/jpn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/jpn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/teams/jpn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/jpn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/jpn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/teams/jpn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/jpn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/jpn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/teams/jpn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/teams/jpn.pcx: 1969 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/teams/gbr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/teams/gbr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/teams/gbr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.pcx: 1613 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/garage.cfg: 30 bytes
Execing cfg/garage.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/garage.txt: 0 bytes
