open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/obj0009.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/obj0009.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodx.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodx.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/woodx.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/woodx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodx.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodx.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/woodx.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/wdv256c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/wdv256c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/wdv256c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/wdv256c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/wdv256c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/wdv256c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/wdv256c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/wdv256c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/wdv256c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/wdv256c.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/da_produce.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/da_produce.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/da_produce.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/da_produce.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/da_produce.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/da_produce.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/da_produce.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/da_produce.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/da_produce.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/da_produce.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/produce.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/produce.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/produce.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/produce.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/produce.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/produce.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/produce.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/produce.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/produce.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/produce.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0037.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0037.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0037.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0037.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0037.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0037.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0037.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0037.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0037.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0037.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0037.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0037.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0037.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0037.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0037.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0037.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0037.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0037.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0037.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0037.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0037.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0037.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0037.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0037.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0039.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0039.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0039.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0039.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0039.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0039.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0039.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0039.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0039.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0039.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0039.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0039.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0039.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0039.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0039.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0039.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0039.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0039.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0039.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0039.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0039.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0039.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0039.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0039.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0040.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/{jungle.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/{jungle.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/{jungle.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/{jungle.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/{jungle.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/{jungle.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/{jungle.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/{jungle.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/{jungle.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/{jungle.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/alpine/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/alpine/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/alpine/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/alpine/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/alpine/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/alpine/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/alpine/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/alpine/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/alpine/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/alpine/rope1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/book_c03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/book_c03.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/book_c03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/book_c03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/book_c03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/book_c03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/book_c03.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/book_c03.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/book_c03.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/book_c03.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/sarjak1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/sarjak1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/sarjak1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/sarjak1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/sarjak1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/sarjak1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/sarjak1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/sarjak1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/sarjak1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/sarjak1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fafnor2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fafnor2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fafnor2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fafnor2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fafnor2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fafnor2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fafnor2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fafnor2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fafnor2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fafnor2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/funionz.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/funionz.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/funionz.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/funionz.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/funionz.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/funionz.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/funionz.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/funionz.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/funionz.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/funionz.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/cupictc.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/cupictc.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/cupictc.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/cupictc.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/cupictc.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/cupictc.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/cupictc.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/cupictc.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/cupictc.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/cupictc.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/boon.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/boon.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/boon.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/boon.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/boon.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/boon.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/boon.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/boon.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/boon.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/boon.wal: 10300 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_misc/ametal_m03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_misc/ametal_m03.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_misc/ametal_m03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_misc/ametal_m03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_misc/ametal_m03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_misc/ametal_m03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_misc/ametal_m03.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_misc/ametal_m03.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_misc/ametal_m03.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_misc/ametal_m03.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/winerack.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/winerack.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/winerack.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/winerack.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/winerack.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/winerack.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/winerack.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/winerack.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/winerack.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/winerack.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/genwood6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/genwood6.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/genwood6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/genwood6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/genwood6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/genwood6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/genwood6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/genwood6.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/genwood6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/genwood6.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cratemod.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cratemod.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/cratemod.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cratemod.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cratemod.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/cratemod.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cratemod.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cratemod.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/cratemod.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cratemod.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_axiscrate.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_axiscrate.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_axiscrate.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_axiscrate.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_axiscrate.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_axiscrate.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_axiscrate.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_axiscrate.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_axiscrate.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_axiscrate.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/sp/lamppost1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/sp/lamppost1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/sp/lamppost1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/bottle_c01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/bottle_c01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/bottle_c01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/bottle_c01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/bottle_c01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/bottle_c01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/bottle_c01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/bottle_c01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/bottle_c01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/bottle_c01.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0170.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0170.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0170.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0170.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0170.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0170.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0170.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0170.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0170.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0170.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0170.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0170.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0170.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0170.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0170.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0170.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0170.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0170.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0170.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0170.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0170.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0170.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0170.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0170.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0116.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0116.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0116.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0116.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0116.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0116.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0116.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0116.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0116.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0116.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_underwater.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_underwater.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/da_underwater.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_underwater.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_underwater.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/da_underwater.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_underwater.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_underwater.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/da_underwater.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_underwater.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/book_c02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/book_c02.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/book_c02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/book_c02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/book_c02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/book_c02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/book_c02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/book_c02.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/book_c02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/book_c02.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/{hangingivy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/{hangingivy1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/{hangingivy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/{hangingivy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/{hangingivy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/{hangingivy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/{hangingivy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/{hangingivy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/{hangingivy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/{hangingivy1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/water4.png: 4060 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/water4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1rt.tga: 206962 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1bk.tga: 196222 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1lf.tga: 205806 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1ft.tga: 203906 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1up.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1up.tga: 214582 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/valley1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/valley1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1dn.tga: 155902 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/julhelm/dmusic4.wav: 306496 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/julhelm/dmusic1.wav: 442844 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/julhelm/barking.wav: 20568 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/julhelm/arabmusic.wav: 1187762 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/julhelm/prayercall.wav: 798836 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/julhelm/iran.wav: 1101168 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/julhelm/dmusic2.wav: 233894 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/julhelm/dmusic3.wav: 576708 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/gbrdday6.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/gbrdday6.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/gbrdday6.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/gbrdday6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/gbrdday6.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/gbrdday6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/gbrdday6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/gbrdday6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/gbrdday6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/gbrdday6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/gbrdday6.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/gbrdday6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/gbrdday6.pcx: 32135 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/teams/gbr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/teams/gbr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/teams/gbr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.pcx: 1613 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/gbrdday6.cfg: 380 bytes
Execing cfg/gbrdday6.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/gbrdday6.txt: 0 bytes
