open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0618.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0618.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0618.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0618.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0618.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0618.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0618.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0618.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0618.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0618.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0618.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0618.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0618.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0618.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0618.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0618.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0618.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0618.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0618.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0618.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0618.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0618.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0618.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0618.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0499.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0478.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0586.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0473.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm_stone/st0787.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/dirtx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/black.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame1.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame2.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame3.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame4.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame5.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame6.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame7.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame8.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0612.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/wdr0059.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0170.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/wdv256c.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/da_produce.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/produce.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0039.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/{jungle.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/alpine/rope1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/book_c03.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/sarjak1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fafnor2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/funionz.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/cupictc.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/boon.wal: 10300 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_misc/ametal_m03.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/winerack.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/genwood6.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cratemod.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_axiscrate.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/bottle_c01.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm_stone/st0116.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_underwater.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/book_c02.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/{hangingivy1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/water4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0131.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1rt.tga: 206962 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1bk.tga: 196222 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1lf.tga: 205806 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1ft.tga: 203906 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1up.tga: 214582 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1dn.tga: 155902 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/julhelm/dmusic4.wav: 306496 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/julhelm/dmusic1.wav: 442844 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/julhelm/barking.wav: 20568 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/julhelm/arabmusic.wav: 1187762 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/julhelm/prayercall.wav: 798836 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/julhelm/iran.wav: 1101168 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/julhelm/dmusic2.wav: 233894 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/julhelm/dmusic3.wav: 576708 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/gbrdday6.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/gbrdday6.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/gbrdday6.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/gbrdday6.pcx: 32135 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.pcx: 1613 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Ewan connected.
Niels connected.
Sgt. Leper connected.
BOTwurst connected.
Prats connected.
Erik connected.
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/gbrdday6.cfg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/gbrdday6.cfg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: cfg/gbrdday6.cfg: No such file or directory
Couldn't exec cfg/gbrdday6.cfg: No such file or directory
Prats joined the game.
Niels joined the game.
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/class_sniper.pcx: 99313 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/weapon.md2: 15904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/class_sniper_i.pcx: 1708 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/class_medic.pcx: 92238 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/players/grm/class_medic_i.pcx: 1940 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_morphine.md2: 120848 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_morphine.pcx: 7774 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak1.pak/sound/grm/shout/move1.wav: 18860 bytes
BOTwurst joined the game.
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/class_flamethrower.pcx: 82803 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/players/grm/class_flamethrower_i.pcx: 1940 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_flame.md2: 112536 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_flame.pcx: 19125 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/weapons/flamer/fireitup.wav: 93286 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/jump1.wav: 14086 bytes
Ewan joined the game.
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/class_lmg.pcx: 86866 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/class_lmg_i.pcx: 1708 bytes
Sgt. Leper joined the game.
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak1.pak/sound/grm/shout/attack2.wav: 18220 bytes
Erik joined the game.
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/class_lmg.pcx: 82100 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/players/grm/class_lmg_i.pcx: 1940 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak1.pak/sound/grm/shout/attack1.wav: 15148 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/shout/attack1.wav: 58286 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/sprites/null.sp2: 172 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/sprites/null.pcx: 929 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/pain75_1.wav: 19916 bytes
Prats was capped by Niels
Prats was capped by Niels
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/death3.wav: 29086 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/class_medic.pcx: 84730 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/class_medic_i.pcx: 1708 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/misc/tele1.wav: 804 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/misc/prone2.wav: 31782 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/weapons/machgf3b.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/weapons/machgf2b.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/pain50_2.wav: 31274 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/weapons/machgf1b.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/weapons/machgf4b.wav: 234 bytes
Prats was machinegunned by Erik's light machine gun
Prats was machinegunned by Erik's light machine gun
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/death4.wav: 24980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/weapons/machgf5b.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/class_infantry.pcx: 87038 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/class_infantry_i.pcx: 1708 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/shout/attack2.wav: 38126 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/sprites/s_explod.sp2: 492 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/sprites/s_explod_0.pcx: 1454 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/sprites/s_explod_1.pcx: 1779 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/sprites/s_explod_2.pcx: 2491 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/sprites/s_explod_3.pcx: 3099 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/sprites/s_explod_4.pcx: 2927 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/sprites/s_explod_5.pcx: 2187 bytes
BOTwurst was shot down by Prats's rifle
BOTwurst was shot down by Prats's rifle
Erik was machinegunned by Sgt. Leper's light machine gun
Erik was machinegunned by Sgt. Leper's light machine gun
Niels was shot down by Prats's rifle
Niels was shot down by Prats's rifle
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/class_special.pcx: 79831 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/players/grm/class_special_i.pcx: 1940 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/class_engineer.pcx: 95786 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/players/grm/class_engineer_i.pcx: 1940 bytes
BOTwurst was shot down by Prats's rifle
BOTwurst was shot down by Prats's rifle
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/gibs/brain/tris.md2: 2364 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/gibs/brain/skin.pcx: 5339 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/shout/funny3.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/shout/funny3.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/gbr/shout/funny3.wav: No such file or directory
Niels was shot down by Prats's rifle
Niels was shot down by Prats's rifle
BOTwurst was shot down by Prats's rifle
BOTwurst was shot down by Prats's rifle
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/pain75_2.wav: 43186 bytes
Erik was bayoneted by Prats
Erik was bayoneted by Prats
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/pain50_1.wav: 26362 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/class_sniper.pcx: 95071 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/players/grm/class_sniper_i.pcx: 1940 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/grm/m98ks/bolt.wav: 53766 bytes
Prats was shot down by Niels's rifle
Prats was shot down by Niels's rifle
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/class_officer.pcx: 83093 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/players/grm/class_officer_i.pcx: 1940 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/bolt.wav: 53766 bytes
Niels was shot down by Prats's rifle
Niels was shot down by Prats's rifle
Prats was sniped by BOTwurst
Prats was sniped by BOTwurst
Prats was sniped by BOTwurst
Prats was sniped by BOTwurst
BOTwurst was machinegunned by Ewan's light machine gun
BOTwurst was machinegunned by Ewan's light machine gun
Erik was shot down by Prats's rifle
Erik was shot down by Prats's rifle
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/weapons/rockfly.wav: 131096 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/gibs/sexyleg/tris.md2: 3288 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/gibs/sexyleg/skin.pcx: 16939 
bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/pain25_2.wav: 59752 bytes
Niels was shot down by Prats's rifle
Niels was shot down by Prats's rifle
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/class_hmg.pcx: 96053 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/players/grm/class_hmg_i.pcx: 1940 bytes
Prats was shot down by BOTwurst's rifle
Prats was shot down by BOTwurst's rifle
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/death2.wav: 24338 bytes
BOTwurst was bayoneted by Prats
BOTwurst was bayoneted by Prats
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/bullet/whiz1.wav: 10474 bytes
Prats was killed by Erik's heavy machine gun
Prats was killed by Erik's heavy machine gun
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/class_officer.pcx: 88990 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/class_officer_i.pcx: 1708 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/shout/move2.wav: 43362 bytes
Prats was killed by Erik's heavy machine gun
Prats was killed by Erik's heavy machine gun
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/death1.wav: 40264 bytes
Prats was killed by Erik's heavy machine gun
Prats was killed by Erik's heavy machine gun
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak1.pak/sound/grm/shout/medic.wav: 16460 bytes
Erik was capped by Prats
Erik was capped by Prats
Prats was killed by Niels's heavy machine gun
Prats was killed by Niels's heavy machine gun
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/shout/move1.wav: 42850 bytes
Prats was killed by Niels's heavy machine gun
Prats was killed by Niels's heavy machine gun
Niels was machinegunned by Ewan's light machine gun
Niels was machinegunned by Ewan's light machine gun
Ewan was sniped by BOTwurst
Ewan was sniped by BOTwurst
BOTwurst was gunned down by Prats's submachinegun
BOTwurst was gunned down by Prats's submachinegun
Erik was gunned down by Prats's submachinegun
Erik was gunned down by Prats's submachinegun
Niels was capped by Ewan
Niels was capped by Ewan
Prats was capped by BOTwurst
Prats was capped by BOTwurst
Ewan was capped by BOTwurst
Ewan was capped by BOTwurst
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/items/morphine3.wav: 64454 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/items/morphine2.wav: 61484 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/items/morphine1.wav: 55308 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/class_special.pcx: 101694 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/class_special_i.pcx: 1708 bytes
BOTwurst was gunned down by Prats's submachinegun
BOTwurst was gunned down by Prats's submachinegun
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/pain100_1.wav: 17830 bytes
Prats was gunned down by Erik's submachinegun
Prats was gunned down by Erik's submachinegun
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/shout/medic.wav: 45282 bytes
Ewan was gunned down by Erik's submachinegun
Ewan was gunned down by Erik's submachinegun
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/gbrdday5.bsp: 1153672 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: gbrdday5
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/gbrdday5.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/gbrdday5.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/gbrdday5.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for gbrdday5.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/gbrdday5.pcx...done.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: gbrdday5
gbrdday5.cmp Loaded
-------------------------------------
       : AI: Nodes Initialized.
       : loaded nodes:154.
       : added nodes:0.
       : total nodes:154.
       : loaded links:407.
       : added links:0.
       : added jump links:0.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Bridge Fight
Designed by Afrow UK
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/bunkfl.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg5a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/flat1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_sr_m7.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_muddy1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/snb_cave9.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/bunkerwall.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/hedge.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag2.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dirt1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/navarone/wtr2.wal: 57560 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/grassrt2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_floor10.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/vbrooftile.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/clip.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/grassrt2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/grass_dirt.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cindervine.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/black.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/basic1_7.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/basic1_5.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/tree3.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/trans.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/bush4.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/tree4.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/tree5.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/wallruff_darker.wal: 87140 
bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/tris.md2: 980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/skin.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_rt.tga: 15276 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_bk.tga: 55159 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_lf.tga: 38837 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_ft.tga: 42712 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_up.tga: 45948 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dhdark_dn.tga: 3611 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/underwater.wav: 43414 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/gbrdday5.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/gbrdday5.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/gbrdday5.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/gbrdday5.pcx: 33055 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.pcx: 1613 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Jack connected.
Goering connected.
Sgt. Leper connected.
Frederick connected.
Churchill connected.
Lars connected.
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/gbrdday5.cfg: 380 bytes
Execing cfg/gbrdday5.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/gbrdday5.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/gbrdday5.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/gbrdday4.bsp: 1536756 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: gbrdday4
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/gbrdday4.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/gbrdday4.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/gbrdday4.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for gbrdday4.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/gbrdday4.pcx...done.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: gbrdday4
gbrdday4.cmp Loaded
-------------------------------------
       : AI: Nodes Initialized.
       : loaded nodes:187.
       : added nodes:0.
       : total nodes:187.
       : loaded links:736.
       : added links:0.
       : added jump links:0.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Small Village Battle in France
Designed by Afrow UK
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wall19.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_bwall1a.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick8a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/vbvbrk.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick7ab.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick4.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/build2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/concrete.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/bunker_wall2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_bricka.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/dt_trim_floor.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_muddy2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brickb1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/window4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_trim1.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/brick60a.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/beton103ab.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/dirt_to_vllcbbl2.wal: 13700 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_browna.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_wallpaper.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/vllcbbl2.wal: 13700 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_floor1.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b15.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/door76_128x256.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/window1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/window3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/window_b.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_small_wall.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/mr_cementfloor3.wal: 21860 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_browna3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick5.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick5_trim.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/bunkwall3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brick20.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brickb2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_wall_smashed.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag4.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/brwater.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood17.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/ptg3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/ptg1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/ptg2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_house1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rooftop1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_vbvbrk.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_house2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_house3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/trees.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_trench.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_greenroof.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick7a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/wp6.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_plain1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glass1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/light03_2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/florr1_8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window5.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window2a.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window2b.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mtlpanel.wal: 17100 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/bunker_pillar_light.wal: 780 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_formica3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/radio-front.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/poster2_rotated.wal: 30020 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/wwii_france.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_boxtop.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_boxsd.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_box.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/da_asphalt.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/box1_3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/metal14_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/metal1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/straw.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dbarrelt.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/inland_barrel5.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wood1.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/door30_128x256.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/faf/tree.sp2: 92 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/faf/tree_0.pcx: 9729 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday2/amb_battle.wav: 1174218 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/water_medium.wav: 36782 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/lilly-marleen/lilly-british.wav: 1638294 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/afrowuk/plane.wav: 1802242 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/misc/trigger1.wav: 4618 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/gbrdday4.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/gbrdday4.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/gbrdday4.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/gbrdday4.pcx: 32577 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.pcx: 1613 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Edward connected.
BOTskrieg connected.
Churchill connected.
Lars connected.
Oliver connected.
Rommel connected.
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/gbrdday4.cfg: 380 bytes
Execing cfg/gbrdday4.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/gbrdday4.txt: 0 bytes
