open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gypsy/battle1.wav: 1139444 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gypsy/Thunder.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gypsy/thunder.wav: 57008 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/amb10.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/glcan1.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/glcan1.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/glcan1.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/glcan1.cfg: 28 bytes
Execing cfg/glcan1.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/glcan1.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/glcan1.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/gkdday.bsp: 1588656 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: gkdday
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/gkdday.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/gkdday.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/gkdday.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for gkdday.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/gkdday.pcx...error.
mdlskin is not a field
mdl is not a field
mdlskin is not a field
mdl is not a field
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: gkdday
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




THE MILITARY DEPOT - Converted By [CLiK]Grinder & [SC]Krom
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/q3_gothic/yogi_darkbrick_4.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/q3_gothic/blocks11bbroke3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/q3_gothic/yogi_darkbrick_2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/cindr7_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/bricks2drk.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rooftop1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mville/49.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg1b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg1btwd.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wally/jngrnd21.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m7s.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/wdv256c.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_carpet01.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fr8.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/roof.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/b_sr_20.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/omaha/woodf.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/b_sr_c04.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/b_sr_c05.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_rc_v24.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_c06.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/door1c.wal: 16760 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/door1.wal: 16760 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/encampment/MR_TILE2.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neil/nmrck_67.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg5c.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg5b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m1b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m14.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m6sab.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m6s.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cf_mansion4q2/cf_roof02.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1z.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m11.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m7a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m5.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/barrel_v2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/barrel_v3t.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/barrel_v2t.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_1_m.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/citlit1_4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/light03_5.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_w_m2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/nazflag.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/box1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/grey_p1_3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/basic1_4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/q3_gothic/yogi_plain_6.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/q3_gothic/yogi_support2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/muddywater.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_misc/ametal_m03.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/w_white.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/box.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_box.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/clip.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m3s.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/q3_gothic/yogi_darkbrick_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_wood7.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/barrel_v4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/barrel_v2t.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/origin.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/wood1.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/trigger.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/minelite/light1/tris.md2: 2488 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/minelite/light1/base.pcx: 13598 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountrt.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountbk.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountlf.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountft.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountup.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountdn.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday2/gate.wav: 17764 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/beach/explosion.wav: 89900 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/gkdday.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/gkdday.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/gkdday.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/gkdday.cfg: 28 bytes
Execing cfg/gkdday.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/gkdday.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/gkdday.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/ghetto.bsp: 902216 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: ghetto
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/ghetto.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/ghetto.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/ghetto.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for ghetto.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/ghetto.pcx...error.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: ghetto
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




street fight by ghettoboy
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bldng13.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_rockbtm.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b12.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/surreal/xwood3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/face1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/face3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bldng14.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a14.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a13.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wood1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/roofrck1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/colbldg2.wal: 65380 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/colhous3.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brickb5.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/costore1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/bldggrnd.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/brick_corner.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_brickbtm.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_window3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/locker.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b9.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_btm.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/colhous2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/ohouse1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/build3.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bricksm5.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bricks2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brickb1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/build1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/colbldg5.wal: 54500 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_stucbrick.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/cobldg6.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brick20.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build4.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_brick2stuck.wal: 21860 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bricksm4.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/castlewallsvinesright.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/castlewallsvinescenter.wal: 10980 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a10.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/bldg1w.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/2/roofrock1dark.wal: 174180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a11.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brickruf.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a18.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_window2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/bldg6a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/red_win.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bldng4.wal: 49060 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/windowx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bricksm1.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/ohouse3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brickb3.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/forest3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_bkend.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/grass1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/leaves2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brickb2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/castlewallstall.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/bldg6w2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_window1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/bldg4w.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/cobblestreet2.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rampage2/capt0124_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/green_roof.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/street1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood14.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/barb2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood16.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/0798water.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/marble1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rock.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/TIMPOD7.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/trk_bed.wal: 10300 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/TIMPOD6.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/TIMPOD.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/WGRATE1_5.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rtile.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/trk_tire.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/lcpside.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/SUPPORT1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/TIMPOD8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/lcpside2.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/trk_seat.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rfbrdr2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/metalx.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/boat.wal: 3160 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_bkup.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/metal_2.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag4.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cement.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandy2grass.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/crate02b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_tread.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_tire.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1rt.tga: 71518 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1bk.tga: 86934 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1lf.tga: 77122 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1ft.tga: 106050 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1up.tga: 97286 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1dn.tga: 7742 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/stream.wav: 217056 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dinant/tank.wav: 16748 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/battle1.wav: 621612 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/beach/gatling.wav: 1582124 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/cricket1.wav: 80923 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/5insx.wav: 54998 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/ghetto.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/ghetto.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/ghetto.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/ghetto.cfg: 29 bytes
Execing cfg/ghetto.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/ghetto.txt: 0 bytes
