open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/q3_gothic/yogi_darkbrick_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/q3_gothic/yogi_darkbrick_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/q3_gothic/yogi_darkbrick_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/q3_gothic/yogi_darkbrick_2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/cindr7_1.png: 13015 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/cindr7_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/bricks2drk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/bricks2drk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/bricks2drk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/bricks2drk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/bricks2drk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/bricks2drk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/bricks2drk.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/bricks2drk.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/bricks2drk.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/bricks2drk.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rooftop1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rooftop1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rooftop1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rooftop1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rooftop1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rooftop1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rooftop1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rooftop1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rooftop1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rooftop1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mville/49.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mville/49.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/mville/49.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mville/49.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mville/49.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/mville/49.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mville/49.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mville/49.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/mville/49.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mville/49.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/cnbldg1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/cnbldg1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/cnbldg1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg1b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg1btwd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg1btwd.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/cnbldg1btwd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg1btwd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg1btwd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/cnbldg1btwd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg1btwd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg1btwd.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/cnbldg1btwd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg1btwd.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wally/jngrnd21.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wally/jngrnd21.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wally/jngrnd21.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wally/jngrnd21.jpg: 2063 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wally/jngrnd21.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m7s.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m7s.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m7s.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m7s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m7s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m7s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m7s.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m7s.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m7s.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m7s.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/wdv256c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/wdv256c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/wdv256c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/wdv256c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/wdv256c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/wdv256c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/wdv256c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/wdv256c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/wdv256c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/wdv256c.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_carpet01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_carpet01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_carpet01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_carpet01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_carpet01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_carpet01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_carpet01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_carpet01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_carpet01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_carpet01.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fr8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fr8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/fr8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fr8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fr8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/fr8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fr8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fr8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/fr8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fr8.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/roof.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/roof.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/osiris/roof.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/roof.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/roof.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/osiris/roof.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/roof.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/roof.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/osiris/roof.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/roof.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/b_sr_20.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/b_sr_20.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/osiris/b_sr_20.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/b_sr_20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/b_sr_20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/osiris/b_sr_20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/b_sr_20.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/b_sr_20.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/osiris/b_sr_20.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/b_sr_20.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/omaha/woodf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/omaha/woodf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/omaha/woodf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/omaha/woodf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/omaha/woodf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/omaha/woodf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/omaha/woodf.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/omaha/woodf.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/omaha/woodf.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/omaha/woodf.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/b_sr_c04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/b_sr_c04.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/osiris/b_sr_c04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/b_sr_c04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/b_sr_c04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/osiris/b_sr_c04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/b_sr_c04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/b_sr_c04.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/osiris/b_sr_c04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/b_sr_c04.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/b_sr_c05.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/b_sr_c05.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/osiris/b_sr_c05.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/b_sr_c05.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/b_sr_c05.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/osiris/b_sr_c05.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/b_sr_c05.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/b_sr_c05.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/osiris/b_sr_c05.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/b_sr_c05.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_rc_v24.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_rc_v24.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_rc_v24.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_rc_v24.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_rc_v24.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_rc_v24.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_rc_v24.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_rc_v24.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_rc_v24.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_rc_v24.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_c06.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_c06.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_c06.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_c06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_c06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_c06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_c06.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_c06.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_c06.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_c06.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/door1c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/door1c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/neptune/door1c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/door1c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/door1c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/neptune/door1c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/door1c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/door1c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/neptune/door1c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/door1c.wal: 16760 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/door1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/door1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/neptune/door1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/door1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/door1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/neptune/door1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/door1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/door1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/neptune/door1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/door1.wal: 16760 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodx.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodx.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/woodx.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/woodx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodx.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodx.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/woodx.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/encampment/MR_TILE2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/encampment/mr_tile2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/encampment/MR_TILE2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/encampment/mr_tile2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/encampment/MR_TILE2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/encampment/MR_TILE2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/encampment/mr_tile2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/encampment/MR_TILE2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/encampment/mr_tile2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/encampment/MR_TILE2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/encampment/MR_TILE2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/encampment/mr_tile2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/encampment/MR_TILE2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/encampment/mr_tile2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/encampment/MR_TILE2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/encampment/MR_TILE2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/encampment/mr_tile2.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_hl_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neil/nmrck_67.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neil/nmrck_67.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/neil/nmrck_67.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neil/nmrck_67.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neil/nmrck_67.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/neil/nmrck_67.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neil/nmrck_67.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neil/nmrck_67.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/neil/nmrck_67.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neil/nmrck_67.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg5c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg5c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/cnbldg5c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg5c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg5c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/cnbldg5c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg5c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg5c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/cnbldg5c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg5c.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg5b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg5b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/cnbldg5b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg5b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg5b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/cnbldg5b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg5b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg5b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/cnbldg5b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg5b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m1b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sr_m14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sr_m14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sr_m14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m14.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/sky1.png: 685 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m6sab.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m6sab.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m6sab.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m6sab.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m6sab.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m6sab.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m6sab.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m6sab.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m6sab.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m6sab.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m6s.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m6s.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m6s.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m6s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m6s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m6s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m6s.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m6s.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m6s.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m6s.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cf_mansion4q2/cf_roof02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cf_mansion4q2/cf_roof02.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cf_mansion4q2/cf_roof02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cf_mansion4q2/cf_roof02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cf_mansion4q2/cf_roof02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cf_mansion4q2/cf_roof02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cf_mansion4q2/cf_roof02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cf_mansion4q2/cf_roof02.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cf_mansion4q2/cf_roof02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cf_mansion4q2/cf_roof02.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m10bm.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1z.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1z.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1z.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1z.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1z.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1z.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1z.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1z.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1z.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1z.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m11.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m11.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m7a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m7a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m7a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m7a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m7a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m7a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m7a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m7a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m7a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m7a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m19.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m5.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/barrel_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/barrel_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/barrel_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/barrel_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/barrel_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/barrel_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/barrel_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/barrel_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/barrel_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/barrel_v2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/barrel_v3t.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/barrel_v3t.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/barrel_v3t.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/barrel_v3t.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/barrel_v3t.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/barrel_v3t.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/barrel_v3t.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/barrel_v3t.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/barrel_v3t.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/barrel_v3t.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/barrel_v2t.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/barrel_v2t.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/barrel_v2t.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/barrel_v2t.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/barrel_v2t.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/barrel_v2t.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/barrel_v2t.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/barrel_v2t.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/barrel_v2t.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/barrel_v2t.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_1_m.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_1_m.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_1_m.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_1_m.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_1_m.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_1_m.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_1_m.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_1_m.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_1_m.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_1_m.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/citlit1_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/citlit1_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/citlit1_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/citlit1_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/citlit1_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/citlit1_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/citlit1_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/citlit1_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/citlit1_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/citlit1_4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/light03_5.png: 5225 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/light03_5.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_w_m2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_w_m2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_w_m2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_w_m2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_w_m2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_w_m2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_w_m2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_w_m2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_w_m2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_w_m2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/nazflag.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/nazflag.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/nazflag.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/nazflag.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/nazflag.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/nazflag.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/nazflag.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/nazflag.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/nazflag.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/nazflag.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/box1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/box1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/box1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/box1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/box1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/box1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/box1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/box1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/box1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/box1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/grey_p1_3.png: 3045 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/grey_p1_3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/basic1_4.png: 3208 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/basic1_4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/q3_gothic/yogi_plain_6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/q3_gothic/yogi_plain_6.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/q3_gothic/yogi_plain_6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/q3_gothic/yogi_plain_6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/q3_gothic/yogi_plain_6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/q3_gothic/yogi_plain_6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/q3_gothic/yogi_plain_6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/q3_gothic/yogi_plain_6.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/q3_gothic/yogi_plain_6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/q3_gothic/yogi_plain_6.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/q3_gothic/yogi_support2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/q3_gothic/yogi_support2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/q3_gothic/yogi_support2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/q3_gothic/yogi_support2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/q3_gothic/yogi_support2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/q3_gothic/yogi_support2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/q3_gothic/yogi_support2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/q3_gothic/yogi_support2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/q3_gothic/yogi_support2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/q3_gothic/yogi_support2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/muddywater.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/muddywater.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/muddywater.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/muddywater.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/muddywater.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/muddywater.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/muddywater.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/muddywater.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/muddywater.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/muddywater.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_misc/ametal_m03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_misc/ametal_m03.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_misc/ametal_m03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_misc/ametal_m03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_misc/ametal_m03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_misc/ametal_m03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_misc/ametal_m03.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_misc/ametal_m03.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_misc/ametal_m03.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_misc/ametal_m03.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/w_white.png: 91 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/w_white.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/box.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/box.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/osiris/box.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/box.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/box.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/osiris/box.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/box.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/box.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/osiris/box.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/box.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_box.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_box.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_box.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_box.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_box.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_box.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_box.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_box.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_box.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_box.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/clip.png: 246 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/clip.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m3s.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m3s.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m3s.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m3s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m3s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m3s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m3s.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m3s.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m3s.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m3s.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/q3_gothic/yogi_darkbrick_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/q3_gothic/yogi_darkbrick_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/q3_gothic/yogi_darkbrick_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/q3_gothic/yogi_darkbrick_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/q3_gothic/yogi_darkbrick_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/q3_gothic/yogi_darkbrick_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/q3_gothic/yogi_darkbrick_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/q3_gothic/yogi_darkbrick_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/q3_gothic/yogi_darkbrick_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/q3_gothic/yogi_darkbrick_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_wood7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_wood7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/shadowfire/s_wood7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_wood7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_wood7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/shadowfire/s_wood7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_wood7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_wood7.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/shadowfire/s_wood7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_wood7.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/barrel_v4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/barrel_v4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/barrel_v4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/barrel_v4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/barrel_v4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/barrel_v4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/barrel_v4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/barrel_v4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/barrel_v4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/barrel_v4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/barrel_v2t.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/barrel_v2t.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/barrel_v2t.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/barrel_v2t.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/barrel_v2t.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/barrel_v2t.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/barrel_v2t.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/barrel_v2t.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/barrel_v2t.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/barrel_v2t.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/origin.png: 254 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/origin.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/wood1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/wood1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/catacombs/wood1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/wood1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/wood1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/catacombs/wood1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/wood1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/wood1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/catacombs/wood1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/wood1.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/trigger.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/trigger.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/trigger.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/trigger.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/trigger.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/trigger.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/trigger.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/trigger.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/trigger.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/trigger.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/minelite/light1/tris.md2: 2488 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/minelite/light1/base.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/minelite/light1/base.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/minelite/light1/base.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/minelite/light1/base.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/minelite/light1/base.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/minelite/light1/base.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/minelite/light1/base.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/minelite/light1/base.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/minelite/light1/base.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/minelite/light1/base.pcx: 13598 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountrt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/mountrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/mountrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountrt.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountbk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/mountbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/mountbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountbk.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountlf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountlf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/mountlf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/mountlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountlf.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/mountft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/mountft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountft.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountup.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/mountup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/mountup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountup.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountdn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountdn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/mountdn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/mountdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mountdn.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday2/gate.wav: 17764 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/beach/explosion.wav: 89900 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/gkdday.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/gkdday.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/gkdday.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/gkdday.cfg: 28 bytes
Execing cfg/gkdday.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/gkdday.txt: 0 bytes
