open_file_read: textures/danger/mtro2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/mtro2.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/affqueen2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/affqueen2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/affqueen2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/affqueen2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/affqueen2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/affqueen2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/affqueen2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/affqueen2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/affqueen2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/affqueen2.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/couch4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/couch4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/couch4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/couch4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/couch4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/couch4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/couch4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/couch4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/couch4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/couch4.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sr_m4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sr_m4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sr_m4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m4.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/K_door10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/K_door10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door10.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/K_door10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/K_door10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/K_door10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/K_door10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/K_door10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/K_door10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door10.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/K_door10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/K_door10.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/K_brick14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_brick14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/K_brick14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_brick14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex4/K_brick14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/K_brick14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_brick14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/K_brick14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_brick14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex4/K_brick14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/K_brick14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_brick14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/K_brick14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_brick14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex4/K_brick14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/K_brick14.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/boards.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/boards.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/boards.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/boards.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/boards.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/boards.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/boards.tga: 288084 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/boards.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_floor10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_floor10.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_floor10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_floor10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_floor10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_floor10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_floor10.tga: 788911 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_floor10.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/K_wood11c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/k_wood11c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/K_wood11c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/k_wood11c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/K_wood11c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/K_wood11c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/k_wood11c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/K_wood11c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/k_wood11c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/K_wood11c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/K_wood11c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/k_wood11c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/K_wood11c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/k_wood11c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/K_wood11c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/K_wood11c.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg5b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg5b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg5b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg5b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg5b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg5b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg5b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg5b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg5b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg5b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/custom/jack/j_cob01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/custom/jack/j_cob01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/custom/jack/j_cob01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/custom/jack/j_cob01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/custom/jack/j_cob01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/custom/jack/j_cob01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/custom/jack/j_cob01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/custom/jack/j_cob01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/custom/jack/j_cob01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/custom/jack/j_cob01.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockgrey.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockgrey.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rockgrey.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockgrey.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockgrey.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rockgrey.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockgrey.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockgrey.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rockgrey.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rockgrey.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brwater.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brwater.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/brwater.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brwater.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brwater.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/brwater.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brwater.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brwater.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/brwater.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/brwater.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_bed.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_bed.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/trk_bed.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_bed.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_bed.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/trk_bed.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_bed.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_bed.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/trk_bed.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/trk_bed.wal: 10300 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_a4.png: 335036 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_a4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/cowbell3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/cowbell3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/cowbell3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/cowbell3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/cowbell3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/cowbell3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/cowbell3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/cowbell3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/cowbell3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/cowbell3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/cowbell4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/cowbell4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/cowbell4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/cowbell4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/cowbell4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/cowbell4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/cowbell4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/cowbell4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/cowbell4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/cowbell4.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/cowbell1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/cowbell1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/cowbell1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/cowbell1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/cowbell1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/cowbell1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/cowbell1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/cowbell1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/cowbell1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/cowbell1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/cowbell2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/cowbell2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/cowbell2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/cowbell2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/cowbell2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/cowbell2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/cowbell2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/cowbell2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/cowbell2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/cowbell2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/spnsigns.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/spnsigns.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/spnsigns.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/spnsigns.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/spnsigns.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/spnsigns.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/spnsigns.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/spnsigns.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/spnsigns.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/spnsigns.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_orangeside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_orangeside.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_orangeside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_orangeside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_orangeside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_orangeside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_orangeside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_orangeside.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_orangeside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_orangeside.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_oranges.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_oranges.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_oranges.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_oranges.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_oranges.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_oranges.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_oranges.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_oranges.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_oranges.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_oranges.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex2.png: 380198 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cratex2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cratex1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cratex1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cratex1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cratex1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/crate2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/crate2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/crate2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/crate2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/crate2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/crate2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/crate2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/crate2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/crate2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/crate2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rfbrdr2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rfbrdr2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rfbrdr2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rfbrdr2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rfbrdr2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rfbrdr2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rfbrdr2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rfbrdr2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rfbrdr2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rfbrdr2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricks2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricks2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bricks2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricks2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricks2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bricks2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricks2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricks2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bricks2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bricks2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/0798water.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/0798water.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/0798water.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/0798water.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/0798water.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/0798water.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/0798water.tga: 786971 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/0798water.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_slabdrk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_slabdrk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/5_slabdrk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_slabdrk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_slabdrk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/5_slabdrk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_slabdrk.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_slabdrk.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/5_slabdrk.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_slabdrk.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/mr_rock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/mr_rock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/mr_rock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/K_brick34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_brick34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/K_brick34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_brick34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex4/K_brick34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/K_brick34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_brick34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/K_brick34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_brick34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex4/K_brick34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/K_brick34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_brick34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/K_brick34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/k_brick34.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex4/K_brick34.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/K_brick34.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick8a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick8a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick8a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick8a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick8a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick8a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick8a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick8a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick8a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick8a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wdfence.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wdfence.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/wdfence.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wdfence.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wdfence.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/wdfence.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wdfence.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wdfence.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/wdfence.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wdfence.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/K_wall12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/K_wall12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall12.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/K_wall12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/K_wall12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/K_wall12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/K_wall12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/K_wall12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/K_wall12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_wall12.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/K_wall12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/K_wall12.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/brickstu_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/brickstu_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/brickstu_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/brickstu_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/brickstu_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/brickstu_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/brickstu_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/brickstu_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/brickstu_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/brickstu_2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg4a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg4a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg4a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg4b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg4b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg4b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye_side.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/no.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/no.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/no.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/no.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/no.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/no.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/no.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/no.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/no.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/no.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/no2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/no2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/no2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/no2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/no2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/no2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/no2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/no2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/no2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/no2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/wall10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/wall10.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/wall10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/wall10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/wall10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/wall10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/wall10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/wall10.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/wall10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/wall10.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/panellite1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/panellite1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/panellite1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/panellite1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/panellite1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/panellite1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/panellite1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/panellite1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/panellite1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/panellite1.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/payne/lightthing.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/payne/lightthing.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/payne/lightthing.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/payne/lightthing.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/payne/lightthing.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/payne/lightthing.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/payne/lightthing.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/payne/lightthing.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/payne/lightthing.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/payne/lightthing.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxsd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxsd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxsd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_boxsd.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/+lant2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/+lant2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/+lant2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/+lant2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/+lant2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/+lant2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/+lant2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/+lant2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/+lant2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/+lant2.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/+lant1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/+lant1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/+lant1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/+lant1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/+lant1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/+lant1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/+lant1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/+lant1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/+lant1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/+lant1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/painting1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/painting1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/painting1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/painting1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/painting1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/painting1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/painting1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/painting1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/painting1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/painting1.wal: 13700 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/comm1a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/comm1a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/comm1a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/comm1a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/comm1a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/comm1a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/comm1a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/comm1a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/comm1a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/comm1a.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/grating.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/grating.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/grating.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/grating.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/grating.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/grating.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/grating.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/grating.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/grating.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/grating.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/chainlink.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/chainlink.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/chainlink.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/chainlink.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/chainlink.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/chainlink.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/chainlink.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/chainlink.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/chainlink.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/chainlink.wal: 5200 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1_back.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1_back.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/door1_back.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1_back.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1_back.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/door1_back.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1_back.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1_back.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/door1_back.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/door1_back.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/stair2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/stair2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/stair2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/stair2.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_top.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_top.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_top.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_top.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_top.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_top.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_top.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_top.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_top.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_top.wal: 1120 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_tnt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_tnt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_tnt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_tnt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_tnt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_tnt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_tnt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_tnt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_tnt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_tnt.wal: 2140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_side.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_side.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_side.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_side.wal: 2140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/origin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/origin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/origin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/origin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/origin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/origin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/origin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/origin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/origin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/origin.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/K_door13.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/K_door13.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/K_door13.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/K_door13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/K_door13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/K_door13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/K_door13.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/K_door13.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_door13.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/K_door13.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/K_door13.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pillar.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pillar.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/pillar.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pillar.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pillar.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/pillar.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pillar.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pillar.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/pillar.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/pillar.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/wait.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/wait.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/wait.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/wait.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/wait.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/wait.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/wait.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/wait.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/wait.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/wait.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/crate_or.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/crate_or.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/crate_or.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/crate_or.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/crate_or.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/crate_or.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/crate_or.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/crate_or.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/crate_or.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/crate_or.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/bullseye_cap.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/bullseye_cap.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/bullseye_cap.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/bullseye_cap.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/bullseye_cap.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/bullseye_cap.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/bullseye_cap.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/bullseye_cap.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/danger/bullseye_cap.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/danger/bullseye_cap.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/trigger.png: 288 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/trigger.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cratemod.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cratemod.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/cratemod.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cratemod.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cratemod.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/cratemod.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cratemod.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cratemod.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/cratemod.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cratemod.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_axiscrate.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_axiscrate.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_axiscrate.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_axiscrate.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_axiscrate.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_axiscrate.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_axiscrate.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_axiscrate.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_axiscrate.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_axiscrate.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard02b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard02b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/cardboard02b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard02b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard02b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/cardboard02b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard02b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard02b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/cardboard02b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard02b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard01b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard01b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/cardboard01b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard01b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard01b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/cardboard01b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard01b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard01b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/cardboard01b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard01b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard03b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard03b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/cardboard03b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard03b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard03b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/cardboard03b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard03b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard03b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/cardboard03b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cardboard03b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/KX_crate1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/kx_crate1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/KX_crate1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/kx_crate1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/KX_crate1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/KX_crate1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/kx_crate1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/KX_crate1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/kx_crate1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/KX_crate1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/KX_crate1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/kx_crate1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/KX_crate1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/kx_crate1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/KX_crate1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/KX_crate1b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/KX_crate1b2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/kx_crate1b2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/KX_crate1b2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/kx_crate1b2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/KX_crate1b2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/KX_crate1b2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/kx_crate1b2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/KX_crate1b2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/kx_crate1b2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/KX_crate1b2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/KX_crate1b2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/kx_crate1b2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/KX_crate1b2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/kx_crate1b2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/KX_crate1b2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/KX_crate1b2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/dbox.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/dbox.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/dbox.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/dbox.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/dbox.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/dbox.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/dbox.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/dbox.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/dbox.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/dbox.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/dboxt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/dboxt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/dboxt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/dboxt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/dboxt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/dboxt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/dboxt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/dboxt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/dboxt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/dboxt.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/crate02.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate01b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate01b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate01b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate01b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate01b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate01b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate01b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate01b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate01b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/crate01b.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/barrel.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/barrel.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/barrel.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/barrel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/barrel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/barrel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/barrel.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/barrel.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/barrel.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/barrel.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cement.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cement.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cement.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cement.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cement.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cement.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cement.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cement.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cement.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cement.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/metalplat.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/metalplat.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/metalplat.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/metalplat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/metalplat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/metalplat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/metalplat.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/metalplat.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/metalplat.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/metalplat.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_box.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_box.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_box.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_box.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_box.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_box.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_box.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_box.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_box.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_box.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_boxtop.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate4a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate4a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate4a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate4a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate4a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate4a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate4a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate4a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate4a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/crate4a.wal: 3160 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate02b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate02b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate02b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/crate02b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate4c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate4c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate4c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate4c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate4c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate4c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate4c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate4c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate4c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/crate4c.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindervine.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindervine.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cindervine.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindervine.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindervine.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cindervine.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindervine.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindervine.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cindervine.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cindervine.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/clip.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/clip.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/clip.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/clip.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/clip.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/clip.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/clip.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/clip.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/clip.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/clip.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/tris.md2: 980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/debris1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/debris1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/debris1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/skin.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/elmaps/deadgrm.md2: 38688 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/elmaps/deadgrm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/elmaps/deadgrm.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/elmaps/deadgrm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/elmaps/deadgrm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/elmaps/deadgrm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/elmaps/deadgrm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/elmaps/deadgrm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/elmaps/deadgrm.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/elmaps/deadgrm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/elmaps/deadgrm.pcx: 148415 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/elmaps/playerstand.md2: 40244 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/elmaps/playerstand.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/elmaps/playerstand.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/elmaps/playerstand.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/elmaps/playerstand.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/elmaps/playerstand.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/elmaps/playerstand.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/elmaps/playerstand.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/elmaps/playerstand.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/elmaps/playerstand.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/elmaps/playerstand.pcx: 131462 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskyrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskyrt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/drkskyrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskyrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskyrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/drkskyrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskyrt.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskybk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskybk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/drkskybk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskybk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskybk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/drkskybk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskybk.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskylf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskylf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/drkskylf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskylf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskylf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/drkskylf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskylf.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskyft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskyft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/drkskyft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskyft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskyft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/drkskyft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskyft.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskyup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskyup.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/drkskyup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskyup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskyup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/drkskyup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskyup.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskydn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskydn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/drkskydn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskydn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskydn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/drkskydn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkskydn.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_strt.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_mid.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_end.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/door3.wav: 4284 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/misc/windfly.wav: 87076 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/siren1.wav: 55290 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday3/openlock.wav: 40364 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/cherbourg/woodbreak.wav: 26484 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/lightc.wav: 87196 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/windr2.wav: 206146 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/windr.wav: 211264 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/funionz/sonata.wav: 2507312 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/cherbourg/amb4.wav: 1744940 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/cricket.wav: 104664 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/crick.wav: 22931 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/water_light.wav: 34450 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/windloop2.wav: 219590 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/air.wav: 120926 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/cherbourg/warwind.wav: 388598 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/grm/shout/cowbell.wav: 186848 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/inland/colony.wav: 79348 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/inland/commsound.wav: 118904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jay/radio.wav: 68530 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/inland/lily.wav: 1760326 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/bubl3.wav: 78896 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/inland/chopin.wav: 800556 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gfrontl/morsecode.wav: 50172 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/electro.wav: 59958 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/goldse.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/goldse.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/goldse.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/goldse.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/goldse.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/goldse.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/goldse.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/goldse.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/goldse.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/goldse.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/goldse.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/goldse.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/goldse.pcx: 34618 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/goldse.cfg: 26 bytes
Execing cfg/goldse.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/goldse.txt: 0 bytes
