open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2rt.tga: 163410 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2bk.tga: 189010 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2lf.tga: 204506 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2ft.tga: 167222 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2up.tga: 161458 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2dn.tga: 96298 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/plats/pt1_strt.wav: 20284 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/plats/pt1_mid.wav: 10164 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/plats/pt1_end.wav: 18260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/switches/butn2.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/hangerbanger.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/hangerbanger.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/hangerbanger.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/hangerbanger.cfg: 29 bytes
Execing cfg/hangerbanger.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/hangerbanger.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/hangerbanger.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/hamletx.bsp: 2495720 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: hamletx
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/hamletx.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/hamletx.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/hamletx.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for hamletx.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/hamletx.pcx...done.
0 entities inhibited
4 teams with 8 entities
server map: hamletx
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Hamlet Revisited : by [SC]Krom
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/metalx.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/red_b_b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_table.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wood1.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_table2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/wallruff_dark.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/grass1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/treesold.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/face_door.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_asphalt.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/light_bottom.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/brick1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_brickwin.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/dt_wall_scratch.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/vllshopfront.wal: 76260 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/face3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/face_window.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cratex1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rockbest.wal: 81700 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/wallruff_darkest.wal: 87140 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/wallruffhole.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_cement1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b10.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b15.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/window2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b12.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/door2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/mr_carpet2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/sign.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/damage1_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/red_win.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brickb5.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bldng4.wal: 49060 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/krom/orangen.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/med_brick4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wdfence.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/ddbasc01.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/woodweth.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood4.wal: 7240 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_tread.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_tire.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bedsheet.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brickb1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bricksm5.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brickb3.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/white_wall.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/window_b.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/build1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bldng14.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/colhous2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/colhous3.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/caution1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/carpet1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rfbrdr2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandy_a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/ladder.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_stucsign.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/facade2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_skylight.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_end1.wal: 780 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/reflt3_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tunl3_4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/0798water.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/sand4.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/tree2grassc1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/poster2.wal: 30020 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/achtung.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/axis_4.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/black.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/nflag3.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/corn6.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/corn5.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/dboxt.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/dbox.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/door1.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/window3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/brwind5_2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/panel_f.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/panel_a.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/panel_b.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/panel_c.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/panel_d.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/panel_e.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_tnt.wal: 2140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b4_b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/gizmo_4.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_boxes1.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/black.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/origin.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/iron3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/button_red2.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/button_red1.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/barrel.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/metaltrim_horiz.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/mg42.md2: 12856 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/mg42-skin.pcx: 43479 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/models/weapons/gbr/g_piat/tris.md2: 11344 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/models/weapons/gbr/g_piat/skin.pcx: 38650 
bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkrt.tga: 197147 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkbk.tga: 197147 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darklf.tga: 197147 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkft.tga: 197147 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkup.tga: 197147 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkdn.tga: 197147 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_strt.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_mid.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_end.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/hamletx.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/hamletx.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/hamletx.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/hamletx.pcx: 50209 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/hamletx.cfg: 28 bytes
Execing cfg/hamletx.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/hamletx.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/hamletx.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/hamlet.bsp: 1638088 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: hamlet
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/hamlet.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/hamlet.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/hamlet.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for hamlet.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/hamlet.pcx...error.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: hamlet
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Hamlet From Hell! : by [SC]Krom
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/pipesmth.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/hamlet.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/hamlet.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/hamlet.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/hamlet.cfg: 25 bytes
Execing cfg/hamlet.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/hamlet.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/hamlet.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/gwb.bsp: 364980 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: gwb
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/gwb.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/gwb.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/gwb.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for gwb.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/gwb.pcx...error.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: gwb
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




George W. Bush Museum
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_checker3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/marble1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/catacombs/pillar2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/redcarp.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_carpet01.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood4.wal: 7240 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/b_st_v3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dirt1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/hedge06.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/grass01.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/bunkfl.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1yogi/yogdb1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/wd_sr_m14.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/fifties_dr2.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_bricks01.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sp/lamppost4.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwater6.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/black.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gwb/bush07.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gwb/bush05.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gwb/bush04.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gwb/bush06.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gwb/bush12.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gwb/bush02.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gwb/bush08.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gwb/bush01.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gwb/bush14.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gwb/bush13.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gwb/bush09.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gwb/bush10.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gwb/bush11.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/face1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_rt.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_bk.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_lf.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_ft.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_up.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_dn.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/pomp.wav: 1242456 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bush01.wav: 126188 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bush02.wav: 197036 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bush03.wav: 116686 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bush08.wav: 253484 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bush09.wav: 102770 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bush10.wav: 338732 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bush04.wav: 171692 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bush07.wav: 153836 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bush05.wav: 157880 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bush06.wav: 70316 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bush11.wav: 161324 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bush12.wav: 163628 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bush13.wav: 668204 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bush14.wav: 140588 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bush15.wav: 248876 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bush19.wav: 209160 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bush16.wav: 145354 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bush17.wav: 52850 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bush18.wav: 269538 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/stream.wav: 217056 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/gwb.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/gwb.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/gwb.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/gwb.cfg: 35 bytes
Execing cfg/gwb.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/gwb.txt: 0 bytes
