open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/grass1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/grass1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/grass1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/grass1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/treesold.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/treesold.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/treesold.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/treesold.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/treesold.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/treesold.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/treesold.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/treesold.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/treesold.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/treesold.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face_door.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/face_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/face_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/face_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/face_door.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_asphalt.png: 465603 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_asphalt.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/light_bottom.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/light_bottom.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/light_bottom.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/light_bottom.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/light_bottom.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/light_bottom.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/light_bottom.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/light_bottom.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/light_bottom.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/light_bottom.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/mr_rock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/mr_rock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/mr_rock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brick1_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brick1_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/brick1_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brick1_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brick1_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/brick1_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brick1_1.tga: 788721 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/brick1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickwin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickwin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_brickwin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickwin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickwin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_brickwin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickwin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickwin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_brickwin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_brickwin.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/dt_wall_scratch.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/dt_wall_scratch.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/dt_wall_scratch.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/dt_wall_scratch.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/dt_wall_scratch.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/dt_wall_scratch.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/dt_wall_scratch.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/dt_wall_scratch.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/dt_wall_scratch.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/dt_wall_scratch.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllshopfront.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllshopfront.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/vllshopfront.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllshopfront.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllshopfront.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/vllshopfront.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllshopfront.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllshopfront.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/vllshopfront.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/vllshopfront.wal: 76260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/face3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/face3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/face3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/face3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face_window.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face_window.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/face_window.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face_window.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face_window.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/face_window.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face_window.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face_window.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/face_window.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/face_window.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cratex1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cratex1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cratex1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cratex1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockbest.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockbest.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rockbest.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockbest.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockbest.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rockbest.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockbest.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockbest.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rockbest.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rockbest.wal: 81700 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/wallruff_darkest.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/wallruff_darkest.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/wallruff_darkest.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/wallruff_darkest.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/wallruff_darkest.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/wallruff_darkest.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/wallruff_darkest.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/wallruff_darkest.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/wallruff_darkest.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/wallruff_darkest.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/wallruffhole.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/wallruffhole.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/wallruffhole.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/wallruffhole.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/wallruffhole.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/wallruffhole.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/wallruffhole.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/wallruffhole.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/wallruffhole.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/wallruffhole.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_cement1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_cement1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_cement1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_cement1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_cement1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_cement1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_cement1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_cement1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_cement1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_cement1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b10.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b10.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b10.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b15.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b15.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b15.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b15.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b15.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b15.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b15.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/window2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/window2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/window2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b12.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b12.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b12.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door2.tga: 786450 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/door2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_carpet2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_carpet2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/mr_carpet2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_carpet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_carpet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/mr_carpet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_carpet2.tga: 788443 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/mr_carpet2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/sign.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/sign.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/sign.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/sign.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/sign.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/sign.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/sign.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/sign.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/sign.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/sign.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/damage1_1.png: 18713 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/damage1_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_win.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_win.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/red_win.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_win.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_win.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/red_win.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_win.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_win.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/red_win.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/red_win.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brickb5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brickb5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brickb5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brickb5.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bldng4.wal: 49060 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/krom/orangen.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/krom/orangen.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/krom/orangen.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/krom/orangen.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/krom/orangen.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/krom/orangen.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/krom/orangen.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/krom/orangen.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/krom/orangen.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/krom/orangen.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a3.tga: 197659 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/med_brick4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/med_brick4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/med_brick4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/med_brick4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/med_brick4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/med_brick4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/med_brick4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/med_brick4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/med_brick4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/med_brick4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/wallpaperd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/wallpaperd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/wallpaperd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wdfence.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wdfence.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/wdfence.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wdfence.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wdfence.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/wdfence.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wdfence.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wdfence.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/wdfence.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wdfence.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ddbasc01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ddbasc01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/ddbasc01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ddbasc01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ddbasc01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/ddbasc01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ddbasc01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ddbasc01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/ddbasc01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/ddbasc01.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/woodweth.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/woodweth.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/woodweth.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/woodweth.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/woodweth.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/woodweth.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/woodweth.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/woodweth.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/woodweth.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/woodweth.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood4.jpg: 41308 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood4.wal: 7240 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tread.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tread.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tread.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tread.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_tread.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tire.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tire.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tire.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_tire.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bedsheet.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brickb1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brickb1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brickb1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brickb1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricksm5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricksm5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bricksm5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricksm5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricksm5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bricksm5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricksm5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricksm5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bricksm5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bricksm5.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brickb3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brickb3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brickb3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brickb3.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/white_wall.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/white_wall.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/white_wall.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/white_wall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/white_wall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/white_wall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/white_wall.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/white_wall.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/white_wall.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/white_wall.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window_b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/window_b.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/build1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/build1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/build1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/build1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bldng14.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colhous2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colhous2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/colhous2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colhous2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colhous2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/colhous2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colhous2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colhous2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/colhous2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/colhous2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colhous3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colhous3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/colhous3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colhous3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colhous3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/colhous3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colhous3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colhous3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/colhous3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/colhous3.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/caution1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/caution1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/caution1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/caution1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/caution1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/caution1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/caution1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/caution1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/caution1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/caution1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/carpet1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/carpet1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/carpet1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/carpet1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/carpet1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/carpet1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/carpet1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/carpet1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/carpet1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/carpet1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rfbrdr2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rfbrdr2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rfbrdr2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rfbrdr2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rfbrdr2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rfbrdr2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rfbrdr2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rfbrdr2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rfbrdr2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rfbrdr2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandy_a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandy_a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/sandy_a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandy_a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandy_a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/sandy_a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandy_a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandy_a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/sandy_a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandy_a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ladder.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ladder.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/ladder.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ladder.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ladder.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/ladder.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ladder.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ladder.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/ladder.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/ladder.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucsign.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucsign.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_stucsign.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucsign.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucsign.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_stucsign.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucsign.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucsign.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_stucsign.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_stucsign.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/facade2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/facade2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/facade2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/facade2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/facade2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/facade2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/facade2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/facade2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/facade2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/facade2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_skylight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_skylight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_skylight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_skylight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_skylight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_skylight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_skylight.tga: 262683 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_skylight.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_end1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_end1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_end1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_end1.wal: 780 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/reflt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/reflt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/reflt3_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/reflt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/reflt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/reflt3_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/reflt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/reflt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/reflt3_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/reflt3_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tunl3_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tunl3_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tunl3_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tunl3_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tunl3_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tunl3_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tunl3_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tunl3_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tunl3_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tunl3_4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/0798water.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/0798water.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/0798water.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/0798water.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/0798water.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/0798water.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/0798water.tga: 786971 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/0798water.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/sand4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/sand4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/sand4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/sand4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/sand4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/sand4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/sand4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/sand4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/sand4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/sand4.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/tree2grassc1.png: 527757 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/tree2grassc1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/poster2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/poster2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/poster2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/poster2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/poster2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/poster2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/poster2.tga: 327914 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/poster2.wal: 30020 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/achtung.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/achtung.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/achtung.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/achtung.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/achtung.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/achtung.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/achtung.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/achtung.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/achtung.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/achtung.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/axis_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/axis_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/axis_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/axis_4.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/black.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/black.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/black.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/black.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/black.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/black.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/black.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/black.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/black.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/black.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/nflag3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/nflag3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/nflag3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/nflag3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/nflag3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/nflag3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/nflag3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/nflag3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/nflag3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/nflag3.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/corn6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/corn6.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/corn6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/corn6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/corn6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/corn6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/corn6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/corn6.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/corn6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/corn6.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/corn5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/corn5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/corn5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/corn5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/corn5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/corn5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/corn5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/corn5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/corn5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/corn5.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/colpiron/metal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/dboxt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/dboxt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/dboxt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/dboxt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/dboxt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/dboxt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/dboxt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/dboxt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/dboxt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/dboxt.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/dbox.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/dbox.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/dbox.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/dbox.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/dbox.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/dbox.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/dbox.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/dbox.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/dbox.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/dbox.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/door1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/door1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/door1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/door1.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/window3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/window3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/window3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/window3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brwind5_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brwind5_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/brwind5_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brwind5_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brwind5_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/brwind5_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brwind5_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brwind5_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/brwind5_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/brwind5_2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_f.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_f.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/panel_f.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_f.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_f.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/panel_f.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_f.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_f.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/panel_f.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/panel_f.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/panel_a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/panel_a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/panel_a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/panel_a.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/panel_b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/panel_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/panel_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/panel_b.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/panel_c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/panel_c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/panel_c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/panel_c.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_d.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/panel_d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/panel_d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_d.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/panel_d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/panel_d.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_e.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/panel_e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/panel_e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/panel_e.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/panel_e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/panel_e.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_tnt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_tnt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_tnt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_tnt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_tnt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_tnt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_tnt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_tnt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_tnt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_tnt.wal: 2140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b4_b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b4_b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b4_b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b4_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b4_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b4_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b4_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b4_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b4_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b4_b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gizmo_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gizmo_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/gizmo_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gizmo_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gizmo_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/gizmo_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gizmo_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gizmo_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/gizmo_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/gizmo_4.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_boxes1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_boxes1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk2/afrow_boxes1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_boxes1.jpg: 5952 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_boxes1.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/black.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/black.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/black.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/black.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/black.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/black.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/black.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/black.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/black.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/black.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/origin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/origin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/origin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/origin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/origin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/origin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/origin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/origin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/origin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/origin.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/iron3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/iron3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/iron3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/iron3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/iron3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/iron3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/iron3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/iron3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/iron3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/iron3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/button_red2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/button_red2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/button_red2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/button_red2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/button_red2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/button_red2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/button_red2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/button_red2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/button_red2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/button_red2.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/button_red1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/button_red1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/button_red1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/button_red1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/button_red1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/button_red1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/button_red1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/button_red1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/button_red1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/button_red1.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/barrel.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/barrel.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/barrel.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/barrel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/barrel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/barrel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/barrel.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/barrel.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/barrel.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/barrel.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_horiz.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_horiz.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metaltrim_horiz.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_horiz.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_horiz.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metaltrim_horiz.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_horiz.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_horiz.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metaltrim_horiz.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/metaltrim_horiz.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/mg42.md2: 12856 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/mg42-skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/mg42-skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/afrowuk/mg42-skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/mg42-skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/mg42-skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/afrowuk/mg42-skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/mg42-skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/mg42-skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/afrowuk/mg42-skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/afrowuk/mg42-skin.pcx: 43479 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/models/weapons/gbr/g_piat/tris.md2: 11344 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_piat/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_piat/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/g_piat/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_piat/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_piat/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/g_piat/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_piat/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_piat/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/g_piat/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/models/weapons/gbr/g_piat/skin.pcx: 38650 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkrt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1darkrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1darkrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkrt.tga: 197147 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkbk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1darkbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1darkbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkbk.tga: 197147 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darklf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darklf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1darklf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darklf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darklf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1darklf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darklf.tga: 197147 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1darkft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1darkft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkft.tga: 197147 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkup.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1darkup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1darkup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkup.tga: 197147 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkdn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkdn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1darkdn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1darkdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkdn.tga: 197147 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_strt.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_mid.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_end.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/hamletx.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/hamletx.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/hamletx.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/hamletx.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/hamletx.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/hamletx.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/hamletx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/hamletx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/hamletx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/hamletx.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/hamletx.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/hamletx.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/hamletx.pcx: 50209 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/hamletx.cfg: 28 bytes
Execing cfg/hamletx.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/hamletx.txt: 0 bytes
