directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/props/pipe1_g_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m17.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2rt.tga: 163410 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2bk.tga: 189010 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2lf.tga: 204506 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2ft.tga: 167222 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2up.tga: 161458 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2dn.tga: 96298 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/plats/pt1_strt.wav: 20284 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/plats/pt1_mid.wav: 10164 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/plats/pt1_end.wav: 18260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/switches/butn2.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/hangerbanger.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/hangerbanger.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/hangerbanger.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/hangerbanger.cfg: 29 bytes
Execing cfg/hangerbanger.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/hangerbanger.txt: 0 bytes
