open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/carpet_green.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/carpet_green.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/carpet_green.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/carpet_green.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/carpet_green.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/carpet_green.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/carpet_green.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/trimface.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/trimface.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/trimface.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/trimface.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/trimface.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/trimface.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/trimface.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/trimface.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/trimface.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/trimface.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/paper.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/paper.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/paper.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/paper.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/paper.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/paper.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/paper.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/paper.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/paper.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/paper.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/bookend.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/bookend.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/bookend.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/bookend.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/bookend.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/bookend.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/bookend.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/bookend.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/bookend.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/bookend.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/para.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/para.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/para.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/para.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/para.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/para.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/para.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/para.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/para.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/para.wal: 35460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/cobldg6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/cobldg6.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/cobldg6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/cobldg6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/cobldg6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/cobldg6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/cobldg6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/cobldg6.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/cobldg6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/cobldg6.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/b_cp_v34d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/b_cp_v34d.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/b_cp_v34d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/b_cp_v34d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/b_cp_v34d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/b_cp_v34d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/b_cp_v34d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/b_cp_v34d.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/b_cp_v34d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/b_cp_v34d.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cl_rc_c2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cl_rc_c2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/cl_rc_c2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cl_rc_c2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cl_rc_c2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/cl_rc_c2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cl_rc_c2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cl_rc_c2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/cl_rc_c2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/cl_rc_c2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_brick1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_brick1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/da_brick1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_brick1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_brick1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/da_brick1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_brick1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_brick1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/da_brick1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_brick1.wal: 49060 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_brick1a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_brick1a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/da_brick1a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_brick1a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_brick1a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/da_brick1a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_brick1a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_brick1a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/da_brick1a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_brick1a.wal: 49060 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/redcarp.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/redcarp.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/redcarp.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/redcarp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/redcarp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/redcarp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/redcarp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/redcarp.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/redcarp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/redcarp.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/type_r.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/type_r.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/type_r.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/type_r.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/type_r.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/type_r.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/type_r.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/type_r.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/type_r.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/type_r.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/window2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_slabdrk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_slabdrk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/5_slabdrk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_slabdrk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_slabdrk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/5_slabdrk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_slabdrk.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_slabdrk.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/5_slabdrk.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_slabdrk.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_woodtracks.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_woodtracks.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/da_woodtracks.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_woodtracks.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_woodtracks.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/da_woodtracks.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_woodtracks.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_woodtracks.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/da_woodtracks.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_woodtracks.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/wdv256c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/wdv256c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/wdv256c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/wdv256c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/wdv256c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/wdv256c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/wdv256c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/wdv256c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/wdv256c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/wdv256c.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/floor3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/floor3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/floor3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/floor3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/floor3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/floor3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/floor3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/floor3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/floor3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/floor3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal_floor.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal_floor.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metal_floor.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal_floor.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal_floor.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metal_floor.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal_floor.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal_floor.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metal_floor.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/metal_floor.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_vert.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_vert.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metaltrim_vert.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_vert.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_vert.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metaltrim_vert.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_vert.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_vert.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metaltrim_vert.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/metaltrim_vert.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/b_square.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/b_square.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/b_square.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/b_square.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/b_square.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/b_square.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/b_square.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/b_square.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/b_square.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/b_square.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/cherjuly10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/cherjuly10.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/cherjuly10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/cherjuly10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/cherjuly10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/cherjuly10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/cherjuly10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/cherjuly10.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/cherjuly10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/cherjuly10.wal: 54500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/chalkboard.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/chalkboard.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/chalkboard.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/chalkboard.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/chalkboard.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/chalkboard.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/chalkboard.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/chalkboard.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/chalkboard.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/chalkboard.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/machine_round_side.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/machine_round_side.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/machine_round_side.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/machine_round_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/machine_round_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/machine_round_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/machine_round_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/machine_round_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/machine_round_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/machine_round_side.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile8dark.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile8dark.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile8dark.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile8dark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile8dark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile8dark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile8dark.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile8dark.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile8dark.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile8dark.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/locker.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/locker.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/locker.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/locker.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/locker.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/locker.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/locker.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/locker.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/locker.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/locker.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gen1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gen1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/gen1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gen1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gen1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/gen1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gen1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gen1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/gen1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/gen1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gizmo_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gizmo_8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/gizmo_8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gizmo_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gizmo_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/gizmo_8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gizmo_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gizmo_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/gizmo_8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/gizmo_8.wal: 3500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/console.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/console.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/console.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/console.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/grass.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/grass.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/grass.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/grass.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/grass.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/grass.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/grass.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/grass.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/grass.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/grass.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/tree2grassc1.png: 527757 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/tree2grassc1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_metpan04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_metpan04.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/5_metpan04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_metpan04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_metpan04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/5_metpan04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_metpan04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_metpan04.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/5_metpan04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/5_metpan04.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dbarrelt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dbarrelt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/dbarrelt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dbarrelt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dbarrelt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/dbarrelt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dbarrelt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dbarrelt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/dbarrelt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dbarrelt.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/woodstuff.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/woodstuff.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/woodstuff.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/woodstuff.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/woodstuff.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/woodstuff.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/woodstuff.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/woodstuff.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/woodstuff.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/woodstuff.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_lightpost.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_lightpost.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/da_lightpost.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_lightpost.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_lightpost.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/da_lightpost.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_lightpost.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_lightpost.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/da_lightpost.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_lightpost.wal: 780 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/lcpside1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/lcpside1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/lcpside1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/lcpside1.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/LCPside2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/LCPside2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/LCPside2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/LCPside2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/LCPside2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/LCPside2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/LCPside2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/LCPside2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/LCPside2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/lcpside2.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_shocks.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_shocks.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/trk_shocks.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_shocks.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_shocks.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/trk_shocks.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_shocks.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_shocks.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/trk_shocks.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/trk_shocks.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_bed.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_bed.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/trk_bed.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_bed.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_bed.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/trk_bed.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_bed.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_bed.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/trk_bed.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/trk_bed.wal: 10300 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/LCPside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/lcpside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/LCPside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/lcpside.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/LCPside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/LCPside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/lcpside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/LCPside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/lcpside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/LCPside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/LCPside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/lcpside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/LCPside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/lcpside.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/LCPside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/lcpside.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/pipe1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/pipe1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/pipe1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/pipe1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/pipe1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/pipe1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/pipe1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/pipe1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/pipe1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/pipe1.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/painting_old.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/painting_old.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/painting_old.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/painting_old.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/painting_old.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/painting_old.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/painting_old.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/painting_old.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/painting_old.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/painting_old.wal: 65380 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/lcvp_intpanel.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/lcvp_intpanel.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/lcvp_intpanel.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/lcvp_intpanel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/lcvp_intpanel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/lcvp_intpanel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/lcvp_intpanel.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/lcvp_intpanel.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/lcvp_intpanel.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/lcvp_intpanel.wal: 13700 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_wire.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_wire.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_wire.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_wire.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_wire.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_wire.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_wire.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_wire.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_wire.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_wire.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile10.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile10.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile10.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gizmo_frame.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gizmo_frame.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/gizmo_frame.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gizmo_frame.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gizmo_frame.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/gizmo_frame.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gizmo_frame.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gizmo_frame.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/gizmo_frame.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/gizmo_frame.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_lightshade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_lightshade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_lightshade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_lightshade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_lightshade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_lightshade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_lightshade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_lightshade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_lightshade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_lightshade.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metalx.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metalx.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/metalx.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metalx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metalx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/metalx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metalx.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metalx.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/metalx.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/metalx.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/ocean.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/ocean.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/ocean.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/ocean.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/ocean.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/ocean.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/ocean.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/ocean.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/ocean.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/ocean.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandygrass.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandygrass.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/sandygrass.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandygrass.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandygrass.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/sandygrass.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandygrass.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandygrass.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/sandygrass.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandygrass.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag4.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/flame8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/flame8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/flame8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame8.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/flame1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/flame1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/flame1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame1.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/flame2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/flame2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/flame2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame2.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/flame3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/flame3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/flame3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame3.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/flame4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/flame4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/flame4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame4.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/flame5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/flame5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/flame5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame5.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame6.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/flame6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/flame6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame6.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/flame6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame6.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/flame7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/flame7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame7.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/flame7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame7.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/door1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/door1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/door1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/door1.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gen.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gen.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/gen.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gen.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gen.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/gen.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gen.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/gen.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/gen.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/gen.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/bullseye.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar9.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar9.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar9.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar9.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar9.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar9.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar9.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar10.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar10.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar10.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar11.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar11.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar12.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar12.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar12.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar4.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar5.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar6.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar6.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar6.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar7.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar7.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/radar8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/radar8.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate4c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate4c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate4c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate4c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate4c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate4c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate4c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate4c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate4c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/crate4c.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_controls01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_controls01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_controls01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_controls01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_controls01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_controls01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_controls01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_controls01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_controls01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_controls01.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/glider.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/glider.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/glider.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glider.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_bed.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_bed.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_bed.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_bed.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_bed.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_bed.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_bed.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_bed.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_bed.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_bed.wal: 10300 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile6.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile6.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile6.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate02b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate02b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/crate02b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/crate02b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/crate02b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_train1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_train1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_train1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_train1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_train1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_train1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_train1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_train1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_train1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_train1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_side_1.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/window3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/window3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/window3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/window3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/window4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner/tris.md2: 13428 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/banner/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/banner/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/banner/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner/skin.pcx: 48517 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/ships/viper/tris.md2: 9752 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/viper/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/viper/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ships/viper/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/viper/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/viper/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ships/viper/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/viper/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/viper/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ships/viper/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/ships/viper/skin.pcx: 44076 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherrt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherrt.tga: 115850 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherbk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherbk.tga: 105946 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherlf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherlf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherlf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherlf.tga: 107746 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherft.tga: 106202 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherup.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherup.tga: 178970 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherdn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherdn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherdn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherdn.tga: 2066 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/cherbourg/amb3.wav: 126368 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/cherbourg/incom.wav: 163122 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/battle1.wav: 621612 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dinant/battle1b.wav: 284894 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/inland/creak.wav: 55266 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/cherbourg/seabirds.wav: 115408 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/cherbourg/docks.wav: 120336 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/inland/backwind.wav: 241186 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/cherbourg/beach02.wav: 123514 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/cherbourg/underwater.wav: 173526 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/cherbourg/p51_flyby1.wav: 109202 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/cherbourg/p51_flyby2.wav: 92460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/inland/fire.wav: 139450 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/cherbourg/flyby3.wav: 160812 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/cherbourg/crash.wav: 184682 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/explosion.wav: 36534 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/inland/buzzhum.wav: 20140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/inland/buzz1.wav: 11324 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/cherbourg/woodbreak.wav: 26484 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday3/metal2.wav: 70276 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/water1.wav: 81648 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/door1.wav: 12134 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday3/openlock.wav: 40364 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/mov_watr.wav: 88250 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/stp_watr.wav: 46612 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/inland/destroy.wav: 88364 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/cherbourg/pigeon.wav: 447638 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/inland/dooropen.wav: 17100 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/inland/drip1.wav: 137736 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/cherbourg/riroom.wav: 873516 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/cherbourg/choochoo.wav: 214060 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/nav/whistle1.wav: 240106 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/inland1.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/inland1.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/inland1.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/inland1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/inland1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/inland1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/inland1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/inland1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/inland1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/inland1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/inland1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/inland1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/inland1.pcx: 120606 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Dipsymama connected.
BOTskrieg connected.
Dipsymama joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_engineer.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_engineer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_engineer.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/class_engineer.pcx: 100214 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/weapon.md2: 15904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_engineer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_engineer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_engineer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer_i.pcx: 2165 bytes
BOTskrieg joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_officer.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_officer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_officer.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/class_officer.pcx: 83093 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_officer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_officer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_officer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_officer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/players/grm/class_officer_i.pcx: 1940 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak1.pak/sound/grm/shout/attack1.wav: 15148 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/inland1.cfg: 380 bytes
Execing cfg/inland1.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/inland1.txt: 0 bytes
