open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/hedge.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/HEDGE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/hedge.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/HEDGE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/HEDGE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/hedge.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/HEDGE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/hedge.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/HEDGE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/hedge.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_BWALL1A.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_BWALL1A.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/DA_BWALL1A.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_BWALL1A.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1a.jpg: 101184 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_bwall1a.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WINDOW1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WINDOW1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/WINDOW1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WINDOW1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WINDOW1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/WINDOW1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WINDOW1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WINDOW1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/WINDOW1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/window1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_GREENROOF.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_greenroof.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_GREENROOF.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_greenroof.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/DA_GREENROOF.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_GREENROOF.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_greenroof.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_GREENROOF.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_greenroof.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/DA_GREENROOF.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_GREENROOF.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_greenroof.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_GREENROOF.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_greenroof.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/DA_GREENROOF.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_greenroof.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WINDOW4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WINDOW4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/WINDOW4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WINDOW4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WINDOW4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/WINDOW4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WINDOW4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WINDOW4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/WINDOW4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/window4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U3/LIGHT03_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/light03_1.png: 4024 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U3/LIGHT03_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E3U3/METAL23_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/metal23_4.png: 4398 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E3U3/METAL23_4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a12.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/A12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/A12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a12.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/A12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a12.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_WINE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_WINE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_WINE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_WINE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_WINE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_WINE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_WINE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_WINE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_WINE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_wine.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD17.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD17.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD17.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood17.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/SANDBAG1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/SANDBAG1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/SANDBAG1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/SANDBAG1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/SANDBAG1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/SANDBAG1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/SANDBAG1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/SANDBAG1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/SANDBAG1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BEDSHEET.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BEDSHEET.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BEDSHEET.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BEDSHEET.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BEDSHEET.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BEDSHEET.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BEDSHEET.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BEDSHEET.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BEDSHEET.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bedsheet.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E2U2/METAL28_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/metal28_1.png: 20289 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E2U2/METAL28_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E3U3/COLOR1_7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/color1_7.png: 2976 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E3U3/COLOR1_7.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD_OLD.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD_OLD.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD_OLD.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD_OLD.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD_OLD.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD_OLD.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD_OLD.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD_OLD.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD_OLD.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood4.jpg: 41308 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood4.wal: 7240 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/A3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/A3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a3.tga: 197659 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_DOOR2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_DOOR2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_DOOR2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_DOOR2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_DOOR2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_DOOR2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_DOOR2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_DOOR2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_DOOR2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_door2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_BKFNT.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_BKFNT.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_BKFNT.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_BKFNT.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_BKFNT.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_BKFNT.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_BKFNT.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_BKFNT.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_BKFNT.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_bkfnt.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/GREEN_ROOF.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/green_roof.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/GREEN_ROOF.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/green_roof.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/GREEN_ROOF.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/GREEN_ROOF.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/green_roof.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/GREEN_ROOF.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/green_roof.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/GREEN_ROOF.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/GREEN_ROOF.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/green_roof.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/GREEN_ROOF.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/green_roof.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/GREEN_ROOF.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/green_roof.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/WINDOW3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/WINDOW3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/WINDOW3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/WINDOW3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/WINDOW3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/WINDOW3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/WINDOW3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/WINDOW3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/WINDOW3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/window3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E3U1/CITLIT1_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/citlit1_4.png: 3933 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E3U1/CITLIT1_4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOODFLOOR1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOODFLOOR1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_WOODFLOOR1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOODFLOOR1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOODFLOOR1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_WOODFLOOR1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOODFLOOR1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOODFLOOR1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_WOODFLOOR1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_BEARD.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_beard.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_BEARD.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_beard.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_BEARD.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_BEARD.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_beard.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_BEARD.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_beard.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_BEARD.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_BEARD.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_beard.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_BEARD.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_beard.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_BEARD.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_beard.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_TABLETOP.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_TABLETOP.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_TABLETOP.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_TABLETOP.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_TABLETOP.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_TABLETOP.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_TABLETOP.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_TABLETOP.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_TABLETOP.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_tabletop.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_TABLESIDE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tableside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_TABLESIDE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tableside.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_TABLESIDE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_TABLESIDE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tableside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_TABLESIDE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tableside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_TABLESIDE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_TABLESIDE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tableside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_TABLESIDE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tableside.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_TABLESIDE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_tableside.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_TABLE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_TABLE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_TABLE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_TABLE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_TABLE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_TABLE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_TABLE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_TABLE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_TABLE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_table.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/AXIS_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/AXIS_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/AXIS_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/AXIS_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/AXIS_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/AXIS_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/AXIS_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/AXIS_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/AXIS_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/axis_2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_BRICKBTM.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickbtm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_BRICKBTM.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickbtm.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_BRICKBTM.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_BRICKBTM.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickbtm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_BRICKBTM.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickbtm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_BRICKBTM.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_BRICKBTM.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickbtm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_BRICKBTM.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickbtm.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_BRICKBTM.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_brickbtm.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E3U1/BRICK1_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/brick1_1.png: 4734 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E3U1/BRICK1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/TRANS_IRONFENCE_BK.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/trans_ironfence_bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/TRANS_IRONFENCE_BK.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/trans_ironfence_bk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/TALE/TRANS_IRONFENCE_BK.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/TRANS_IRONFENCE_BK.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/trans_ironfence_bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/TRANS_IRONFENCE_BK.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/trans_ironfence_bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/TALE/TRANS_IRONFENCE_BK.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/TRANS_IRONFENCE_BK.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/trans_ironfence_bk.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/TRANS_IRONFENCE_BK.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/trans_ironfence_bk.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/TALE/TRANS_IRONFENCE_BK.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/TRANS_IRONFENCE_BK.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/TRANS_IRONFENCE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/trans_ironfence.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/TRANS_IRONFENCE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/trans_ironfence.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/TALE/TRANS_IRONFENCE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/TRANS_IRONFENCE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/trans_ironfence.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/TRANS_IRONFENCE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/trans_ironfence.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/TALE/TRANS_IRONFENCE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/TRANS_IRONFENCE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/trans_ironfence.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/TRANS_IRONFENCE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/trans_ironfence.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/TALE/TRANS_IRONFENCE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/TRANS_IRONFENCE.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/BRICK60A.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/brick60a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/BRICK60A.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/brick60a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/BRICK60A.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/BRICK60A.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/brick60a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/BRICK60A.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/brick60a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/BRICK60A.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/BRICK60A.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/brick60a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/BRICK60A.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/brick60a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/BRICK60A.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/brick60a.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD_OLDC.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_oldc.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD_OLDC.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_oldc.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD_OLDC.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD_OLDC.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_oldc.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD_OLDC.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_oldc.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD_OLDC.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD_OLDC.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_oldc.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD_OLDC.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_oldc.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD_OLDC.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_oldc.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DOGVENBRICKIVY1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/dogvenbrickivy1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DOGVENBRICKIVY1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/dogvenbrickivy1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/DOGVENBRICKIVY1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DOGVENBRICKIVY1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/dogvenbrickivy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DOGVENBRICKIVY1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/dogvenbrickivy1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/DOGVENBRICKIVY1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DOGVENBRICKIVY1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/dogvenbrickivy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DOGVENBRICKIVY1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/dogvenbrickivy1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/DOGVENBRICKIVY1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/dogvenbrickivy1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/FAF/OWIN91.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/owin91.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/FAF/OWIN91.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/owin91.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/FAF/OWIN91.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/FAF/OWIN91.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/owin91.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/FAF/OWIN91.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/owin91.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/FAF/OWIN91.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/FAF/OWIN91.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/owin91.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/FAF/OWIN91.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/owin91.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/FAF/OWIN91.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/FAF/OWIN91.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/YOGI_DARKBRICK_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/yogi_darkbrick_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/YOGI_DARKBRICK_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/yogi_darkbrick_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/TALE/YOGI_DARKBRICK_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/YOGI_DARKBRICK_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/yogi_darkbrick_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/YOGI_DARKBRICK_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/yogi_darkbrick_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/TALE/YOGI_DARKBRICK_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/YOGI_DARKBRICK_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/yogi_darkbrick_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/YOGI_DARKBRICK_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/yogi_darkbrick_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/TALE/YOGI_DARKBRICK_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/YOGI_DARKBRICK_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/FAF/BOOKSHELF1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/bookshelf1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/FAF/BOOKSHELF1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/bookshelf1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/FAF/BOOKSHELF1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/FAF/BOOKSHELF1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/bookshelf1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/FAF/BOOKSHELF1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/bookshelf1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/FAF/BOOKSHELF1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/FAF/BOOKSHELF1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/bookshelf1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/FAF/BOOKSHELF1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/bookshelf1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/FAF/BOOKSHELF1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/FAF/BOOKSHELF1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/FAF/BOOKSHELF2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/bookshelf2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/FAF/BOOKSHELF2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/bookshelf2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/FAF/BOOKSHELF2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/FAF/BOOKSHELF2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/bookshelf2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/FAF/BOOKSHELF2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/bookshelf2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/FAF/BOOKSHELF2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/FAF/BOOKSHELF2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/bookshelf2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/FAF/BOOKSHELF2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/bookshelf2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/FAF/BOOKSHELF2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/FAF/BOOKSHELF2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/TRIM_WALLPAPER_DRTY.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/TRIM_WALLPAPER_DRTY.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/TRIM_WALLPAPER_DRTY.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/TRIM_WALLPAPER_DRTY.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/TRIM_WALLPAPER_DRTY.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/TRIM_WALLPAPER_DRTY.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/TRIM_WALLPAPER_DRTY.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/TRIM_WALLPAPER_DRTY.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/TRIM_WALLPAPER_DRTY.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WINDOW_B.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WINDOW_B.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/WINDOW_B.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WINDOW_B.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WINDOW_B.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/WINDOW_B.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WINDOW_B.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WINDOW_B.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/WINDOW_B.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/window_b.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_KNIGHT.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_knight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_KNIGHT.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_knight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_KNIGHT.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_KNIGHT.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_knight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_KNIGHT.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_knight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_KNIGHT.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_KNIGHT.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_knight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_KNIGHT.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_knight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_KNIGHT.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_knight.wal: 6900 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_BWALL1B.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_BWALL1B.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/DA_BWALL1B.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_BWALL1B.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_BWALL1B.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/DA_BWALL1B.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_BWALL1B.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/DA_BWALL1B.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/DA_BWALL1B.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/BR_TILES.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/BR_TILES.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/BR_TILES.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/BR_TILES.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/BR_TILES.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/BR_TILES.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/BR_TILES.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/BR_TILES.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/BR_TILES.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/br_tiles.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/BUNKWALL2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bunkwall2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/BUNKWALL2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bunkwall2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY3/BUNKWALL2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/BUNKWALL2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bunkwall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/BUNKWALL2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bunkwall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY3/BUNKWALL2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/BUNKWALL2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bunkwall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/BUNKWALL2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bunkwall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY3/BUNKWALL2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/bunkwall2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/SUPPORT1_3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/support1_3.png: 4050 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/SUPPORT1_3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/CRATEX3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/CRATEX3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/BEACH/CRATEX3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/CRATEX3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/CRATEX3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/BEACH/CRATEX3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/CRATEX3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/CRATEX3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/BEACH/CRATEX3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cratex3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E3U3/FLAT1_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/flat1_1.png: 3452 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E3U3/FLAT1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/WOOD256_02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/wood256_02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/WOOD256_02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/wood256_02.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/TALE/WOOD256_02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/WOOD256_02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/wood256_02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/WOOD256_02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/wood256_02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/TALE/WOOD256_02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/WOOD256_02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/wood256_02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/WOOD256_02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/wood256_02.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/TALE/WOOD256_02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/WOOD256_02.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/AFROWUK_WEBSITE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/afrowuk_website.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/AFROWUK_WEBSITE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/afrowuk_website.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/TALE/AFROWUK_WEBSITE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/AFROWUK_WEBSITE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/afrowuk_website.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/AFROWUK_WEBSITE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/afrowuk_website.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/TALE/AFROWUK_WEBSITE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/AFROWUK_WEBSITE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/afrowuk_website.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/AFROWUK_WEBSITE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/afrowuk_website.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/TALE/AFROWUK_WEBSITE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/AFROWUK_WEBSITE.wal: 73540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/MED_BRICK4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/med_brick4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/MED_BRICK4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/med_brick4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/MED_BRICK4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/MED_BRICK4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/med_brick4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/MED_BRICK4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/med_brick4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/MED_BRICK4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/MED_BRICK4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/med_brick4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/MED_BRICK4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/med_brick4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/MED_BRICK4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/med_brick4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/SANDBAG4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/SANDBAG4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/SANDBAG4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/SANDBAG4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/SANDBAG4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/SANDBAG4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/SANDBAG4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/SANDBAG4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/SANDBAG4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag4.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/YOGI_LIGHT_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/yogi_light_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/YOGI_LIGHT_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/yogi_light_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/TALE/YOGI_LIGHT_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/YOGI_LIGHT_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/yogi_light_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/YOGI_LIGHT_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/yogi_light_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/TALE/YOGI_LIGHT_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/YOGI_LIGHT_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/yogi_light_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/YOGI_LIGHT_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/yogi_light_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/TALE/YOGI_LIGHT_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/YOGI_LIGHT_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E3U1/PLAT1_3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/plat1_3.png: 2686 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E3U1/PLAT1_3.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/BARREL.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/barrel.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/BARREL.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/barrel.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/BEACH/BARREL.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/BARREL.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/barrel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/BARREL.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/barrel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/BEACH/BARREL.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/BARREL.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/barrel.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/BARREL.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/barrel.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/BEACH/BARREL.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/barrel.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/ORIGIN.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/origin.png: 254 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/ORIGIN.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_TILE31.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_tile31.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_TILE31.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_tile31.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_TILE31.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_TILE31.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_tile31.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_TILE31.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_tile31.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_TILE31.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_TILE31.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_tile31.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_TILE31.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_tile31.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_TILE31.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_tile31.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_ROCK3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_ROCK3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_ROCK3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_ROCK3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_ROCK3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_ROCK3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_ROCK3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_ROCK3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_ROCK3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_rock3.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/IRONCROSSLT2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/ironcrosslt2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/IRONCROSSLT2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/ironcrosslt2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/TALE/IRONCROSSLT2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/IRONCROSSLT2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/ironcrosslt2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/IRONCROSSLT2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/ironcrosslt2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/TALE/IRONCROSSLT2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/IRONCROSSLT2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/ironcrosslt2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/IRONCROSSLT2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/ironcrosslt2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/TALE/IRONCROSSLT2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/TALE/IRONCROSSLT2.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/CHAIR.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/chair.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/CHAIR.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/chair.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY3/CHAIR.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/CHAIR.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/chair.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/CHAIR.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/chair.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY3/CHAIR.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/CHAIR.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/chair.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY3/CHAIR.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/chair.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY3/CHAIR.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/chair.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD_OLDC_H.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_oldc_h.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD_OLDC_H.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_oldc_h.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD_OLDC_H.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD_OLDC_H.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_oldc_h.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD_OLDC_H.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_oldc_h.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD_OLDC_H.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD_OLDC_H.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_oldc_h.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD_OLDC_H.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_oldc_h.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/WALLPAPERD_OLDC_H.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_oldc_h.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner3/tris.md2: 14500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner3/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner3/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/banner3/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner3/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner3/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/banner3/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner3/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner3/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/banner3/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner3/skin.pcx: 43533 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner2/tris.md2: 13532 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner2/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner2/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/banner2/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner2/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner2/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/banner2/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner2/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner2/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/banner2/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner2/skin.pcx: 48931 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/deadbods/dude/tris.md2: 22856 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/deadbods/dude/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/deadbods/dude/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/deadbods/dude/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/deadbods/dude/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/deadbods/dude/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/deadbods/dude/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/deadbods/dude/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/deadbods/dude/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/deadbods/dude/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/deadbods/dude/skin.pcx: 51658 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_rt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/darkhollow256_rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/darkhollow256_rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_rt.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_bk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/darkhollow256_bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/darkhollow256_bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_bk.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_lf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/darkhollow256_lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/darkhollow256_lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_lf.tga: 197147 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_ft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/darkhollow256_ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/darkhollow256_ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_ft.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_up.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/darkhollow256_up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/darkhollow256_up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_up.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_dn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/darkhollow256_dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/darkhollow256_dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/darkhollow256_dn.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/misc/talk.wav: 8778 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/misc/trigger1.wav: 4618 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/5insx.wav: 54998 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/cricket1.wav: 80923 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/curnt2.wav: 183368 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/p51_flyby.wav: 92460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/bomb.wav: 38060 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/explosion.wav: 36534 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/beach/thunder.wav: 480336 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/tale/planefire1.wav: 66212 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/tale/planefire2.wav: 132524 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/tale/marching.wav: 259042 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/tale/gunfight.wav: 238812 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/tale/tank1.wav: 235448 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/tale/tank2.wav: 44160 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/tale/tank3.wav: 44334 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/tale/tank4.wav: 44160 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/tale/fire.wav: 140844 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday2/amb_battle.wav: 1174218 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/lite_on1.wav: 48522 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/misc/secret.wav: 19722 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/tale/dogs.wav: 110414 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/tale/afrowuk_theme1.wav: 629050 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_strt.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_mid.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_end.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/invade2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/invade2.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/invade2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/invade2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/invade2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/invade2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/invade2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/invade2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/invade2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/invade2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/invade2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/invade2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/invade2.pcx: 43940 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
loBOTomy connected.
Rommel connected.
Rommel joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_special.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_special.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_special.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/class_special.pcx: 79831 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_special_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_special_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_special_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/players/grm/class_special_i.pcx: 1940 bytes
loBOTomy joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_officer.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_officer.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_officer.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_officer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_officer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_officer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_officer.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_officer.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_officer.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/class_officer.pcx: 98437 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/weapon.md2: 15904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_officer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_officer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_officer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_officer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_officer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_officer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_officer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_officer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_officer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_officer_i.pcx: 2165 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/invade2.cfg: 379 bytes
Execing cfg/invade2.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/invade2.txt: 0 bytes
