directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9e.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/K_cement9e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/hint.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/wd_st_m4d.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/white.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/ed/hmg3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/ed/hmg3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/ed/hmg3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/ed/hmg3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/ed/hmg3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/ed/hmg3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/ed/hmg3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/ed/hmg3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/ed/hmg3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/ed/hmg3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/ed/hmg3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/ed/hmg3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/ed/hmg3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/ed/hmg3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/ed/hmg3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/ed/hmg3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/ed/hmg3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/ed/hmg3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/ed/hmg3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/ed/hmg3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/ed/hmg3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/ed/hmg3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/ed/hmg3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ed/hmg3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/ed/hmg3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/origin.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mia/bridwood2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/origin.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal4_tile1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0173.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0178.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0178.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0178.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0178.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0178.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0178.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0178.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0178.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_box.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/julhelm/palmtree.md2: 8908 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/julhelm/palmtree.pcx: 34441 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/plant.md2: 4676 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/plant.pcx: 930 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/tris.md2: 980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/skin.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/julhelm/grass.md2: 53768 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/julhelm/grass.pcx: 50071 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland3rt.tga: 176517 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland3bk.tga: 219218 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland3lf.tga: 175037 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland3ft.tga: 177107 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland3up.tga: 191351 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland3dn.tga: 93956 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_strt.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_mid.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_end.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/amb10.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/wind01.wav: 66512 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/matthias/fire03.wav: 196140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/5insx.wav: 54998 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/crow.wav: 72908 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/canon.wav: 29844 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/jpnmap.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/jpnmap.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/jpnmap.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/teams/jpn.pcx: 1969 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/jpnmap.cfg: 31 bytes
Execing cfg/jpnmap.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/jpnmap.txt: 0 bytes
