open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build85.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build175.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build44.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build187.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brick20.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile55.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop45.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop45.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop45.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop45.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop45.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop45.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop45.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop45.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris13.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door47.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door47.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door47.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door47.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door47.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door47.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door47.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door47.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door47.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door47.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door47.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/extwall08.wal: 59940 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window63.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window63.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window63.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window63.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/lasttownbh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/lasttownbh.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/lasttownbh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/lasttownbh.pcx: 116200 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Patton connected.
PolkaBOT connected.
G.I. Joe connected.
Goering connected.
saBOTage connected.
Goebbels connected.
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/lasttownbh.cfg: 27 bytes
Execing cfg/lasttownbh.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/lasttownbh.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/lasttownbh.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/knife.bsp: 24032 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: knife
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/knife.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/knife.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/knife.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for knife.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/knife.pcx...error.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: knife
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Knive Arena            By Psyconutt
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/damage1_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandygrass.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a17.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/brwind5_2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/forestrt.tga: 0 bytes
Couldn't load env/forestrt.tga: File too small
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/knife.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/knife.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/knife.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/knife.cfg: 29 bytes
Execing cfg/knife.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/knife.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/knife.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/kfields.bsp: 635116 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: kfields
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/kfields.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/kfields.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/kfields.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for kfields.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/kfields.pcx...done.
func_timer at (2042 708 -167) has random >= wait
func_timer at (2062 708 -166) has random >= wait
func_timer at (-1114 708 -167) has random >= wait
func_timer at (-1134 708 -166) has random >= wait
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: kfields
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




The Killing Fields
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/mr_cementfloor3.wal: 21860 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/grass1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E3U1/GRASS1_8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wood1.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/0798water.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile10.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/HILL3/BED.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cement.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/cin_flr1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/HILL3/SWAS.wal: 57560 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/radiofront.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/radioside.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/barrel.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E3U1/PMETAL3_1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/SKY1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ENCAMPMENT/MR_TILE2.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag4.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1rt.tga: 206962 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1bk.tga: 196222 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1lf.tga: 205806 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1ft.tga: 203906 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1up.tga: 214582 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1dn.tga: 155902 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/zwit.wav: 134884 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/kfields.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/kfields.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/kfields.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/kfields.pcx: 10368 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/kfields.cfg: 24 bytes
Execing cfg/kfields.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/kfields.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/kfields.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/kf.bsp: 471360 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: kf
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/kf.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/kf.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/kf.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for kf.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/kf.pcx...done.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: kf
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




KanisH ForesT
PoR SarF
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Kanish/bush01.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Kanish/dirtx2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Kanish/hedge.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Kanish/genwood6.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Kanish/sandyrockx2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Kanish/sandyrockx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Kanish/sandygrassx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1rt.tga: 71518 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1bk.tga: 86934 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1lf.tga: 77122 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1ft.tga: 106050 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1up.tga: 97286 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1dn.tga: 7742 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/Kanish/5insx.wav: 54998 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/kf.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/kf.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/kf.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/kf.pcx: 40536 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/kf.cfg: 27 bytes
Execing cfg/kf.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/kf.txt: 0 bytes
