lasttownbh.cmp Loaded
-------------------------------------
       : AI: Nodes Initialized.
       : loaded nodes:93.
       : added nodes:0.
       : total nodes:93.
       : loaded links:191.
       : added links:0.
       : added jump links:0.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Last Battle - MUNF
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/floorgrd/flrgrnd09.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/m4_tracks.wal: 83400 bytes
Couldn't load textures/blindados/m4_tracks.wal: Invalid file format
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/m4_tracks.wal: 83400 bytes
Couldn't load textures/blindados/m4_tracks.wal: Invalid file format
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/m4_tracks.wal: 83400 bytes
Couldn't load textures/blindados/m4_tracks.wal: Invalid file format
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/m4_tracks.wal: 83400 bytes
Couldn't load textures/blindados/m4_tracks.wal: Invalid file format
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/m4_tracks.wal: 83400 bytes
Couldn't load textures/blindados/m4_tracks.wal: Invalid file format
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/extwall01.wal: 59940 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build182.wal: 54500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_3b_window.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall3bwindowshots.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_window2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_window2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window58.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door59.wal: 70820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door65.wal: 49060 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build85.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build175.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build44.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build187.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brick20.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile55.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris13.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door47.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door47.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door47.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door47.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door47.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door47.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/extwall08.wal: 59940 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window63.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window63.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window63.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/lasttownbh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/lasttownbh.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/lasttownbh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/lasttownbh.pcx: 116200 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/lasttownbh.cfg: 27 bytes
Execing cfg/lasttownbh.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/lasttownbh.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/lasttownbh.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/knife.bsp: 24032 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: knife
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/knife.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/knife.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/knife.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for knife.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/knife.pcx...error.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: knife
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Knive Arena            By Psyconutt
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/damage1_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandygrass.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a17.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/brwind5_2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/forestrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/forestrt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/forestrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/forestrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/forestrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/forestrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/forestrt.pcx: 0 bytes
Couldn't load env/forestrt.tga: File too small
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/knife.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/knife.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/knife.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/knife.cfg: 29 bytes
Execing cfg/knife.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/knife.txt: 0 bytes
