open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/tiles/tile20.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/tiles/tile20.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/tiles/tile20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/largerock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/tiles/tile20.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/tiles/tile20.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/tiles/tile20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/tiles/tile20.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/tiles/tile20.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/tiles/tile20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/tiles/tile20.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/tiles/tile20.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/tiles/tile20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/tiles/tile20.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/tiles/tile20.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/tiles/tile20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/tiles/tile20.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/tiles/tile20.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/tiles/tile20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/tiles/tile20.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/tiles/tile20.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/tiles/tile20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door95.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/woodm03.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop45.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window07.wal: 174180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/villa_window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/desert/desert3a.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/clip.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door47.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door47.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door47.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door47.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door47.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door47.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned11.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window63.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window63.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window63.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window63.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window63.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window63.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door86.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakert.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakert.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/wakert.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakert.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakert.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/wakert.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakert.pcx: 56485 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakebk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakebk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/wakebk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakebk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakebk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/wakebk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakebk.pcx: 55622 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakelf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakelf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/wakelf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakelf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakelf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/wakelf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakelf.pcx: 55958 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakeft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakeft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/wakeft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakeft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakeft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/wakeft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakeft.pcx: 57404 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakeup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakeup.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/wakeup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakeup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakeup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/wakeup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakeup.pcx: 55363 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakedn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakedn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/wakedn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakedn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakedn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/wakedn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakedn.pcx: 82910 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/5insx.wav: 54998 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/June6/bell2441.wav: 75330 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/June6/creak441.wav: 34982 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/afrowuk/light_broken.wav: 151022 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/coco/creak3.wav: 16706 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/reic2.wav: 1087744 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/inland/babycry.wav: 401722 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/June6/peakwind.wav: 35536 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/llurk/thunder.wav: 484468 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/lasttownbhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/lasttownbhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/lasttownbhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/lasttownbhv2.pcx: 116200 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/lasttownbhv2.cfg: 39 bytes
Execing cfg/lasttownbhv2.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/lasttownbhv2.txt: 0 bytes
