open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w3.wal: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w3.wal: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w3.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w3.png: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w3.png: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w3.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w3.jpg: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w3.jpg: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w3.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w3.tga: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w3.tga: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w3.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.wal: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.wal: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.png: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.png: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.jpg: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.jpg: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.tga: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.tga: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.wal: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.wal: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.png: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.png: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.jpg: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.jpg: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.tga: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.tga: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.wal: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.wal: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.png: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.png: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.jpg: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.jpg: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.tga: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.tga: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build72.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build72.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/jungle09.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build83.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build85.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build175.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build44.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build187.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brick20.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile55.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop45.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop45.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop45.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop45.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop45.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop45.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop45.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop45.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop45.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris13.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door47.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door47.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door47.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door47.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door47.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door47.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door47.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door47.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door47.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door47.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door47.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein2_w2.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/extwall08.wal: 59940 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window55.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window132.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window132.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window63.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window63.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window63.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window63.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window63.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/lasttownbh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/lasttownbh.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/lasttownbh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/lasttownbh.pcx: 116200 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Patton connected.
PolkaBOT connected.
G.I. Joe connected.
Goering connected.
saBOTage connected.
Goebbels connected.
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/lasttownbh.cfg: 27 bytes
Execing cfg/lasttownbh.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/lasttownbh.txt: 0 bytes
