open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+8lcomp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+8lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+8lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+8lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+8lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+8lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+8lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+9lcomp.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+9lcomp.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+9lcomp.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+9lcomp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+9lcomp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+9lcomp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+9lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+9lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+9lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+9lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+9lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+9lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+10lcomp.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+10lcomp.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+10lcomp.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+10lcomp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+10lcomp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+10lcomp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+10lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+10lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+10lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+10lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+10lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+10lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+11lcomp.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+11lcomp.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+11lcomp.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+11lcomp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+11lcomp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+11lcomp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+11lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+11lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+11lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+11lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+11lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+11lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+12lcomp.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+12lcomp.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+12lcomp.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+12lcomp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+12lcomp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+12lcomp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+12lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+12lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+12lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+12lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+12lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+12lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+13lcomp.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+13lcomp.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+13lcomp.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+13lcomp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+13lcomp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+13lcomp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+13lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+13lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+13lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+13lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+13lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+13lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+14lcomp.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+14lcomp.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+14lcomp.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+14lcomp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+14lcomp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+14lcomp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+14lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+14lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+14lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+14lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+14lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+14lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+15lcomp.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+15lcomp.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+15lcomp.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+15lcomp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+15lcomp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+15lcomp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+15lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+15lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+15lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+15lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+15lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+15lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+16lcomp.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+16lcomp.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+16lcomp.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+16lcomp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+16lcomp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+16lcomp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+16lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+16lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+16lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+16lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+16lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+16lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+17lcomp.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+17lcomp.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+17lcomp.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+17lcomp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+17lcomp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+17lcomp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+17lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+17lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+17lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+17lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+17lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+17lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+18lcomp.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+18lcomp.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+18lcomp.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+18lcomp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+18lcomp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+18lcomp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+18lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+18lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+18lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+18lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+18lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+18lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+19lcomp.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+19lcomp.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+19lcomp.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+19lcomp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+19lcomp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+19lcomp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+19lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+19lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+19lcomp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+19lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/+19lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/e3u2/+19lcomp.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/comp4_2.png: 7342 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/comp4_2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/lcaveobj.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/lcaveobj.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/lcaveobj.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/lcaveobj.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/lcaveobj.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/lcaveobj.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/lcaveobj.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/lcaveobj.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/lcaveobj.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/lcaveobj.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_horiz.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_horiz.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metaltrim_horiz.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_horiz.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_horiz.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metaltrim_horiz.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_horiz.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_horiz.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metaltrim_horiz.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/metaltrim_horiz.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/navarone/bllbrd1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/navarone/bllbrd1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/navarone/bllbrd1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/navarone/bllbrd1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/navarone/bllbrd1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/navarone/bllbrd1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/navarone/bllbrd1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/navarone/bllbrd1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/navarone/bllbrd1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/navarone/bllbrd1.wal: 30020 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/tile003.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/tile003.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/tile003.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/tile003.jpg: 1641 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/tile003.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/tile002.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/tile002.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/tile002.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/tile002.jpg: 2955 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/tile002.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/tile001.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/tile001.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/tile001.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/tile001.jpg: 4900 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/tile001.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wall18.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wall18.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wall18.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wall18.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wally/jngrnd21.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wally/jngrnd21.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wally/jngrnd21.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wally/jngrnd21.jpg: 2063 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wally/jngrnd21.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+light01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+light01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+light01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+light01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+light01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+light01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+light01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+light01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+light01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+light01.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+light02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+light02.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+light02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+light02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+light02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+light02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+light02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+light02.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+light02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+light02.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+light03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+light03.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+light03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+light03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+light03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+light03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+light03.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+light03.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+light03.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+light03.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+light04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+light04.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+light04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+light04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+light04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+light04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+light04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+light04.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+light04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+light04.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/black.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/black.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/black.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/black.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/black.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/black.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/black.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/black.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/black.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/black.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/map004.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/map004.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/map004.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/map004.jpg: 150346 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/map004.wal: 174180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/kboard01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/kboard01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/kboard01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/kboard01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/kboard01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/kboard01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/kboard01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/kboard01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/kboard01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/kboard01.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/bluekeypad.png: 5959 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/bluekeypad.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/comp1_2.png: 3794 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/comp1_2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp1_1.png: 3937 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/comp1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/door001.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/door001.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/door001.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/door001.jpg: 5562 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/door001.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/fixlight1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/fixlight1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/fixlight1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/fixlight1.jpg: 683 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/fixlight1.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/firx001.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/firx001.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/firx001.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/firx001.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/firx001.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/firx001.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/firx001.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/firx001.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/firx001.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/firx001.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/volume02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/volume02.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/volume02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/volume02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/volume02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/volume02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/volume02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/volume02.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/volume02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/volume02.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/metal4_4.png: 1012 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/metal4_4.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+cbut1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+cbut1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+cbut1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+cbut2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+cbut2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+cbut2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+cbut3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+cbut3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+cbut3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut3.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+cbut4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+cbut4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+cbut4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut4.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+cbut5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+cbut5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+cbut5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut5.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut6.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+cbut6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+cbut6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut6.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+cbut6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+cbut6.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/cable1_1.png: 4156 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/cable1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/comp2_3.png: 6920 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/comp2_3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/comp2_1.png: 13879 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/comp2_1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/cbutdead.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/cbutdead.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/cbutdead.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/cbutdead.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/cbutdead.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/cbutdead.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/cbutdead.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/cbutdead.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/cbutdead.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/cbutdead.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/red1_4.png: 757 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/red1_4.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/comp2_4.png: 5687 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/comp2_4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/metal10_1.png: 14070 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/metal10_1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/wait.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/wait.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/wait.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/wait.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/wait.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/wait.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/wait.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/wait.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/wait.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/wait.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/trigger.png: 288 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/trigger.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe01.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe02.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe02.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe02.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe03.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe03.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe03.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe03.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe03.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe04.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe04.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe04.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe05.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe05.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe05.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe05.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe05.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe05.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe05.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe05.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe05.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe05.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe06.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe06.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe06.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe06.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe06.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe06.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe06.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe07.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe07.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe07.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe08.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe08.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe08.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe08.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe08.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe08.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe08.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe09.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe09.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe09.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe09.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe09.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe09.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe09.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe10.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe10.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe10.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe11.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe11.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe12.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe12.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe12.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe13.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe13.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe13.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe13.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe13.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe13.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe13.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe14.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe15.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe15.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe15.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe15.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe15.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe15.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe15.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe16.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe17.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe17.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe17.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe17.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe17.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe18.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe18.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe18.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe18.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe18.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe18.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe18.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe18.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe18.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe18.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe19.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe19.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe19.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe19.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe19.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe19.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe19.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe20.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe20.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe20.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe20.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe20.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe20.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe20.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe21.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe21.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe21.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe21.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe21.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe21.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe21.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe21.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe21.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe21.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe22.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe22.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe22.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe22.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe22.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe22.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe22.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe23.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe23.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe23.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe23.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe23.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe23.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe23.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe23.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe23.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe23.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe24.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe24.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe24.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe24.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe24.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe24.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe24.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe24.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe24.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe24.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe25.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe25.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe25.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe25.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe25.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe25.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe25.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe25.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe25.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe25.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe26.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe26.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe26.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe26.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe26.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe26.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe26.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe26.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe26.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe26.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe27.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe27.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe27.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe27.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe27.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe27.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe27.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe27.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe27.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe27.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe28.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe28.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe28.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe28.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe28.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe28.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe28.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe28.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe28.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe28.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe29.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe29.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe29.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe30.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe30.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe30.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe30.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe30.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe30.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe30.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe30.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe30.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe30.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe31.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe31.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe31.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe31.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe31.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe31.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe31.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe31.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/+idpipe31.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/+idpipe31.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/yelfield.png: 4399 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/yelfield.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/origin.png: 254 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/origin.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/color1_8.png: 2881 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/color1_8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/color1_4.png: 3446 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/color1_4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/color1_5.png: 3262 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/color1_5.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/windowc1_7.png: 2976 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/windowc1_7.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/compu2_1.png: 19791 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/compu2_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/door2_2.png: 21236 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/door2_2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ladder.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ladder.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/ladder.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ladder.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ladder.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/ladder.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ladder.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ladder.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/ladder.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/ladder.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood17.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood17.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/metal01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/metal01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/metal01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/metal01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/metal01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/metal01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/metal01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/metal01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/metal01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/metal01.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/screen27.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/screen27.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/screen27.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/screen27.jpg: 63432 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/screen27.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/screen28.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/screen28.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/screen28.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/screen28.jpg: 50958 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/screen28.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/screen29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/screen29.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/screen29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/screen29.jpg: 54263 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/screen29.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/fuzzy01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/fuzzy01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/fuzzy01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/fuzzy01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/fuzzy01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/fuzzy01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/fuzzy01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/fuzzy01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/fuzzy01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/fuzzy01.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/fuzzy02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/fuzzy02.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/fuzzy02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/fuzzy02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/fuzzy02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/fuzzy02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/fuzzy02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/fuzzy02.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/fuzzy02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/fuzzy02.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/fuzzy03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/fuzzy03.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/fuzzy03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/fuzzy03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/fuzzy03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/fuzzy03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/fuzzy03.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/fuzzy03.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/fuzzy03.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/fuzzy03.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/fuzzy04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/fuzzy04.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/fuzzy04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/fuzzy04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/fuzzy04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/fuzzy04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/fuzzy04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/fuzzy04.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/fuzzy04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/fuzzy04.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/screen26.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/screen26.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/screen26.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/screen26.jpg: 51822 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/screen26.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/screen25.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/screen25.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/screen25.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/screen25.jpg: 46335 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/screen25.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/screen24.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/screen24.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/luisx/screen24.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/screen24.jpg: 64439 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/screen24.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1rt.tga: 171037 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1bk.tga: 163206 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1lf.tga: 184924 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1ft.tga: 166311 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1up.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1up.tga: 154915 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/riverscape1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/riverscape1dn.tga: 180109 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/amb10.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/10_0.wav: 461102 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_strt.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_mid.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_end.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/luisx/ffield.wav: 69442 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/lite_on3.wav: 92362 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/lite_out.wav: 80906 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/laser.wav: 14152 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/dr_short.wav: 165116 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/amb14.wav: 110360 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/amb18.wav: 70410 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/amb2.wav: 40084 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/misc/windfly.wav: 87076 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/amb7.wav: 81930 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/players/hatch/jump1.wav: 11611 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/players/burn4.wav: 214060 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/players/burn3.wav: 195916 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/players/burn2.wav: 240672 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/players/burn1.wav: 178730 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/weapons/flame.wav: 40162 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/players/hatch/scream5.wav: 23804 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/players/stinger/scream6.wav: 69638 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/makron/laf4.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/makron/laf4.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/makron/laf4.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/luisx/aura2.wav: 62096 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/beoch.wav: 82654 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bird10.wav: 129580 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/alpine/lantern.wav: 61558 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday2/eerie.wav: 354668 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/wind2.wav: 120832 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bird13.wav: 130104 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bird19.wav: 130092 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bird2.wav: 259628 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/crick.wav: 22931 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/amb13.wav: 56288 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/misc/trigger1.wav: 4618 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/rocks1.wav: 2442 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/crickets3.wav: 433196 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/creak.wav: 217044 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gimp/cricket1.wav: 80923 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/alpine/crickets.wav: 99582 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/terrain/crickets.wav: 38468 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gimp/mrdrip.wav: 41496 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/amb22.wav: 369876 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/amb24.wav: 84092 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/amb15.wav: 67988 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/LCAVE.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/lcave.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/LCAVE.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/lcave.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/LCAVE.loc: No such file or directory
unnamed is now an Observer.
Type "Observer" to leave observer mode.
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/LCAVE.cfg: 27 bytes
Execing cfg/LCAVE.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/LCAVE.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/LCAVE.txt.
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: lcave
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/lcave.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/lcave.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/lcave.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for lcave.bsp
light#1 is not a field
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/lcave.pcx...done.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: lcave
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Chapter IV
Liddux Cave
by LuisX
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/lcave.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/lcave.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/lcave.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/lcave.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/lcave.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/lcave.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/lcave.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/lcave.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/lcave.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/lcave.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/lcave.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/lcave.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/lcave.pcx: 35180 bytes
unnamed is now an Observer.
Type "Observer" to leave observer mode.
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/lcave.cfg: 33 bytes
Execing cfg/lcave.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/lcave.txt: 0 bytes
