open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk06.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk45.wal: 16760 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood44.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munffolage18.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/brushedbarrel.wal: 42260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/decor/flowers.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/decor/flowers.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/decor/flowers.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/decor/flowers.png: 187008 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/decor/flowers.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/decor/flowers.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/decor/flowers.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/fdprp01.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/fdprp07.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/fdprp02.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/fdprp02.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/fdprp02.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/fdprp02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/fdprp02.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/fdprp02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/fdprp02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/fdprp02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/fdprp02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/fdprp08.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/roof03.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/roof03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/roof03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/roof03.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/roof03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/roof03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/roof03.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/roof03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/roof03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/roof03.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/roof03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/roof03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/roof03.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/roof03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/roof03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/roof03.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/roof03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/roof03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris03.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door43.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door43.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door43.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door43.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door43.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door43.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door43.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door43.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door43.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window34.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window34.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window34.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window34.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window34.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window64.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window99.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build70.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface28.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build199.wal: 70820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window137.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window137.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window137.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window137.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window137.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window137.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window137.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window137.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window137.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window137.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window137.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window137.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window137.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window137.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window137.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window137.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window137.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window137.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window61.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window141.wal: 27300 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build149.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build149.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build149.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build149.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build149.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build149.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build149.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build149.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build149.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build118.wal: 65380 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5_unten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/tris.md2: 980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/skin.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/market1bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/market1bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/market1bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/market1bh.pcx: 33201 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/market1bh.cfg: 34 bytes
Execing cfg/market1bh.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/market1bh.txt: 0 bytes
