open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/epicerie.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/epicerie.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/epicerie.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/epicerie.wal: 6900 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b6.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b6.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b6.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/medbrick1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/medbrick1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/medbrick1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/medbrick1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/medbrick1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/medbrick1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/medbrick1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/medbrick1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/medbrick1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/medbrick1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/damage1_1.png: 18713 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/damage1_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdwal05.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdwal05.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/jdwal05.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdwal05.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdwal05.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/jdwal05.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdwal05.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdwal05.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/jdwal05.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdwal05.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/stndgls.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/stndgls.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/stndgls.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/stndgls.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/stndgls.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/stndgls.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/stndgls.tga: 131617 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/stndgls.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricks7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricks7.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bricks7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bricks7.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/sky1.png: 685 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandy.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandy.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/sandy.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandy.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandy.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/sandy.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandy.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandy.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/sandy.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandy.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rockbtm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rockbtm.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_rockbtm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rockbtm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rockbtm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_rockbtm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rockbtm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rockbtm.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_rockbtm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_rockbtm.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wall18.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wall18.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wall18.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wall18.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/tunnel.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/tunnel.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/tunnel.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/tunnel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/tunnel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/tunnel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/tunnel.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/tunnel.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/tunnel.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/tunnel.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sidewlk1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sidewlk1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sidewlk1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sidewlk1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sidewlk1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sidewlk1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sidewlk1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sidewlk1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sidewlk1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sidewlk1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/tutor1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/tutor1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/tutor1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/tutor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/tutor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/tutor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/tutor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/tutor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/tutor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/tutor1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/tutor2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/tutor2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/tutor2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/tutor2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/tutor2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/tutor2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/tutor2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/tutor2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/tutor2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/tutor2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/tutor3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/tutor3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/tutor3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/tutor3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/tutor3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/tutor3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/tutor3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/tutor3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/tutor3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/tutor3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a2.tga: 99355 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a2.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_rock1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_rock1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_rock1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_rock1.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandyrockboard.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandyrockboard.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/sandyrockboard.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandyrockboard.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandyrockboard.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/sandyrockboard.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandyrockboard.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandyrockboard.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/sandyrockboard.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandyrockboard.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandyrock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandyrock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/sandyrock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandyrock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandyrock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/sandyrock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandyrock.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandyrock.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/sandyrock.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandyrock.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindervine.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindervine.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cindervine.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindervine.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindervine.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cindervine.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindervine.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindervine.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cindervine.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cindervine.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricks2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricks2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bricks2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricks2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricks2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bricks2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricks2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricks2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bricks2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bricks2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stonecobl.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stonecobl.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/stonecobl.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stonecobl.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stonecobl.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/stonecobl.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stonecobl.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stonecobl.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/stonecobl.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/stonecobl.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a12.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a12.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a12.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/build2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/build2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/build2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/build2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/stucco1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/stucco1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/stucco1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/stucco1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/build4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/build4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/build4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build4.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/citlit1_4.png: 3933 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/citlit1_4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bedsheet2.wal: 13700 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/boards.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/boards.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/boards.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/boards.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/boards.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/boards.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/boards.tga: 288084 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/boards.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/table.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/table.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/table.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/table.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/table.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/table.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/table.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/table.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/table.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/table.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkend.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkend.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkend.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_bkend.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mtlpanel.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mtlpanel.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mtlpanel.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mtlpanel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mtlpanel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mtlpanel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mtlpanel.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mtlpanel.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mtlpanel.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mtlpanel.wal: 17100 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_terra4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_terra4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_terra4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_terra4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_terra4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_terra4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_terra4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_terra4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_terra4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_terra4.wal: 3160 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b5.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b12.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b12.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b12.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng11.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bldng11.wal: 54500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_window3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_window3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_window3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_window3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bldng14.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_door2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_door2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_door2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/colbldg2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/colbldg2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/colbldg2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/colbldg2.wal: 65380 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cement.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cement.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cement.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cement.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cement.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cement.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cement.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cement.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cement.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cement.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_checker3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_checker3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_checker3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_checker3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_checker3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_checker3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_checker3.tga: 786450 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_checker3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wall1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdwal06.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdwal06.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/jdwal06.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdwal06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdwal06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/jdwal06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdwal06.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdwal06.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/jdwal06.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdwal06.wal: 130660 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdwal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdwal07.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/jdwal07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdwal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdwal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/jdwal07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdwal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdwal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/jdwal07.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdwal07.wal: 130660 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/minen.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/minen.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/minen.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/minen.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/minen.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/minen.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/minen.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/minen.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/minen.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/minen.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdpic.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdpic.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/jdpic.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdpic.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdpic.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/jdpic.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdpic.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdpic.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/jdpic.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdpic.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_lightshade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_lightshade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_lightshade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_lightshade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_lightshade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_lightshade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_lightshade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_lightshade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_lightshade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_lightshade.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/axis_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/axis_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/axis_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/axis_4.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/axis_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/axis_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/axis_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/axis_1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkup.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkup.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkup.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkup.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_bkup.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/cafewin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/cafewin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/cafewin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/cafewin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/cafewin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/cafewin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/cafewin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/cafewin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/cafewin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/cafewin.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a14.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a9.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a9.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a9.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a9.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a9.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a9.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a9.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a15.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a15.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a15.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a15.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a15.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a15.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a15.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/window1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_formica1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_formica1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_formica1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_formica1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/grnx2_7.png: 3908 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/grnx2_7.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/brick_wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/brick_wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/brick_wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/brick_wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/brick_wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/brick_wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/brick_wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/brick_wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/brick_wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/brick_wall1.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bedsheet.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/einvolk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/einvolk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/einvolk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/einvolk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/einvolk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/einvolk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/einvolk.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/einvolk.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/einvolk.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/einvolk.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metal_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metal_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/metal_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metal_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metal_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/metal_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metal_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metal_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/metal_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/metal_2.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a13.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a13.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a13.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a13.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a13.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a13.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a13.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/crate2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/crate2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/crate2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/crate2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/crate2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/crate2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/crate2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/crate2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/crate2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/crate2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/bucheri1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/bucheri1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/bucheri1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/bucheri1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/bucheri1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/bucheri1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/bucheri1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/bucheri1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/bucheri1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/bucheri1.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/bed01_1.png: 25747 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u2/bed01_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tableside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tableside.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_tableside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tableside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tableside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_tableside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tableside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tableside.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_tableside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_tableside.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/hotel_emtpy.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/hotel_emtpy.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/hotel_emtpy.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/hotel_emtpy.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/hotel_emtpy.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/hotel_emtpy.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/hotel_emtpy.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/hotel_emtpy.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/hotel_emtpy.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/hotel_emtpy.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_tabletop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_tabletop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_tabletop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_tabletop.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_wine.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_wine.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_wine.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_wine.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkfnt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkfnt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkfnt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_bkfnt.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/produce.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/produce.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/produce.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/produce.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/produce.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/produce.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/produce.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/produce.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/produce.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/produce.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/blumens.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/blumens.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/blumens.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/blumens.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/blumens.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/blumens.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/blumens.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/blumens.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/blumens.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/blumens.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/blumen.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/blumen.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/blumen.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/blumen.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/blumen.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/blumen.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/blumen.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/blumen.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/blumen.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/blumen.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/genwood6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/genwood6.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/genwood6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/genwood6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/genwood6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/genwood6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/genwood6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/genwood6.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/genwood6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/genwood6.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/rmetal6_1.png: 6258 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/rmetal6_1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/seart.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/seart.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/viervill/seart.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/seart.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/seart.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/viervill/seart.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/seart.tga: 167734 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/seabk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/seabk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/viervill/seabk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/seabk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/seabk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/viervill/seabk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/seabk.tga: 183504 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/sealf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/sealf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/viervill/sealf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/sealf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/sealf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/viervill/sealf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/sealf.tga: 188903 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/seaft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/seaft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/viervill/seaft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/seaft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/seaft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/viervill/seaft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/seaft.tga: 172523 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/seaup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/seaup.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/viervill/seaup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/seaup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/seaup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/viervill/seaup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/seaup.tga: 149805 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/seadn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/seadn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/viervill/seadn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/seadn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/seadn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/viervill/seadn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/viervill/seadn.tga: 175809 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/battle1.wav: 621612 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/viervill/sprfind3.wav: 3506220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/beach/ocean.wav: 494588 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/ccro1.wav: 115556 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/drip_amb.wav: 420508 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/5insx.wav: 54998 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/mp1dday1.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/mp1dday1.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/mp1dday1.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/mp1dday1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/mp1dday1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/mp1dday1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/mp1dday1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/mp1dday1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/mp1dday1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/mp1dday1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/mp1dday1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/mp1dday1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/mp1dday1.pcx: 22882 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
unnamed is now an Observer.
Type "Observer" to leave observer mode.
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/mp1dday1.cfg: 31 bytes
Execing cfg/mp1dday1.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/mp1dday1.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/mp1dday1.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/mountains.bsp: 1258376 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: mountains
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/mountains.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/mountains.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/mountains.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for mountains.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/mountains.pcx...error.
mdlskin is not a field
mdl is not a field
mdlskin is not a field
mdl is not a field
mdlskin is not a field
mdl is not a field
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: mountains
mountains.cmp Loaded
-------------------------------------
       : AI: Nodes Initialized.
       : loaded nodes:122.
       : added nodes:0.
       : total nodes:122.
       : loaded links:286.
       : added links:0.
       : added jump links:0.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Battle In the Mountains, By (29th)KermitTheFrag
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/airport/white.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/airport/white.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/airport/white.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/airport/white.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/airport/white.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/airport/white.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/airport/white.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/airport/white.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/airport/white.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/airport/white.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/awater.png: 2792 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u3/awater.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/millet7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/millet7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/millet7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/millet7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/millet7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/millet7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/millet7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/millet7.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/millet7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/millet7.wal: 27300 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/wd_sr_m11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/wd_sr_m11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/wd_sr_m11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/wd_sr_m11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/wd_sr_m11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/wd_sr_m11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/wd_sr_m11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/wd_sr_m11.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/wd_sr_m11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/wd_sr_m11.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_grass1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_grass1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_grass1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_grass1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_grass1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_grass1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_grass1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_grass1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_grass1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_grass1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/snb_cave.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/snb_cave.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/gimp/snb_cave.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/snb_cave.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/snb_cave.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/gimp/snb_cave.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/snb_cave.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/snb_cave.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/gimp/snb_cave.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/snb_cave.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/skip.png: 297 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/skip.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/hint.png: 211 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/hint.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntrt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntrt.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntbk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntbk.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntlf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntlf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntlf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntlf.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntft.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntup.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntup.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntdn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntdn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntdn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntdn.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/mountains.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/mountains.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/mountains.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
unnamed is now an Observer.
Type "Observer" to leave observer mode.
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/mountains.cfg: 29 bytes
Execing cfg/mountains.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/mountains.txt: 0 bytes
