open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/SANDBAG2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/SANDBAG2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/SANDBAG2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/SANDBAG2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/SANDBAG2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag2.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_WINDOWLIP.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_windowlip.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_WINDOWLIP.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_windowlip.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_WINDOWLIP.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_WINDOWLIP.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_windowlip.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_WINDOWLIP.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_windowlip.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_WINDOWLIP.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_WINDOWLIP.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_windowlip.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_WINDOWLIP.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_windowlip.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_WINDOWLIP.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_windowlip.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/OHOUSE1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ohouse1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/OHOUSE1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ohouse1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/OHOUSE1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/OHOUSE1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ohouse1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/OHOUSE1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ohouse1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/OHOUSE1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/OHOUSE1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ohouse1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/OHOUSE1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ohouse1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/OHOUSE1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/ohouse1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/A1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/A1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/A1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a1.tga: 99324 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a1.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/OHOUSE3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ohouse3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/OHOUSE3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ohouse3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/OHOUSE3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/OHOUSE3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ohouse3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/OHOUSE3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ohouse3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/OHOUSE3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/OHOUSE3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ohouse3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/OHOUSE3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ohouse3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/OHOUSE3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/ohouse3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/RFBRDR2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rfbrdr2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/RFBRDR2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rfbrdr2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/RFBRDR2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/RFBRDR2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rfbrdr2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/RFBRDR2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rfbrdr2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/RFBRDR2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/RFBRDR2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rfbrdr2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/RFBRDR2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rfbrdr2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/RFBRDR2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rfbrdr2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROOFTOP1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rooftop1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROOFTOP1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rooftop1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/ROOFTOP1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROOFTOP1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rooftop1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROOFTOP1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rooftop1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/ROOFTOP1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROOFTOP1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rooftop1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROOFTOP1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rooftop1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/ROOFTOP1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rooftop1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/BLACK.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/black.png: 93 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/BLACK.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_ROCK3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_ROCK3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_ROCK3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_ROCK3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_ROCK3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_ROCK3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_ROCK3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_ROCK3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_ROCK3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_rock3.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROCKBEST.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockbest.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROCKBEST.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockbest.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/ROCKBEST.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROCKBEST.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockbest.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROCKBEST.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockbest.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/ROCKBEST.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROCKBEST.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockbest.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROCKBEST.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockbest.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/ROCKBEST.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rockbest.wal: 81700 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOODFLOOR3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOODFLOOR3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_WOODFLOOR3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOODFLOOR3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOODFLOOR3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_WOODFLOOR3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOODFLOOR3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOODFLOOR3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_WOODFLOOR3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/SEAWALL.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/seawall.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/SEAWALL.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/seawall.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/SEAWALL.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/SEAWALL.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/seawall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/SEAWALL.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/seawall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/SEAWALL.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/SEAWALL.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/seawall.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/SEAWALL.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/seawall.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/SEAWALL.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/SEAWALL.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/STRAW.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/straw.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/STRAW.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/straw.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/STRAW.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/STRAW.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/straw.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/STRAW.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/straw.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/STRAW.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/STRAW.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/straw.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/STRAW.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/straw.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/STRAW.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/straw.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WHITE_WALL.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/white_wall.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WHITE_WALL.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/white_wall.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/WHITE_WALL.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WHITE_WALL.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/white_wall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WHITE_WALL.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/white_wall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/WHITE_WALL.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WHITE_WALL.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/white_wall.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/WHITE_WALL.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/white_wall.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/WHITE_WALL.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/white_wall.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROCKWALL.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockwall.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROCKWALL.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockwall.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/ROCKWALL.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROCKWALL.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockwall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROCKWALL.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockwall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/ROCKWALL.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROCKWALL.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockwall.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROCKWALL.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockwall.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/ROCKWALL.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROCKWALL.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/CEMENT1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cement1.png: 104274 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cement1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/SAND.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sand.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/SAND.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sand.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/SAND.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/SAND.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sand.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/SAND.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sand.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/SAND.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/SAND.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sand.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/SAND.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sand.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/SAND.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sand.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/TRIGGER.png: 288 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/TRIGGER.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROCKGRASS.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockgrass.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROCKGRASS.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockgrass.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/ROCKGRASS.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROCKGRASS.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockgrass.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROCKGRASS.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockgrass.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/ROCKGRASS.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROCKGRASS.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockgrass.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROCKGRASS.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockgrass.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/ROCKGRASS.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rockgrass.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/METALX.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metalx.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/METALX.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metalx.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/METALX.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/METALX.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metalx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/METALX.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metalx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/METALX.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/METALX.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metalx.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/METALX.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metalx.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/METALX.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/metalx.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/PORTAPT.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/portapt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/PORTAPT.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/portapt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/PORTAPT.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/PORTAPT.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/portapt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/PORTAPT.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/portapt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/PORTAPT.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/PORTAPT.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/portapt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/PORTAPT.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/portapt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/PORTAPT.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/portapt.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BRICKRUF.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickruf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BRICKRUF.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickruf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BRICKRUF.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BRICKRUF.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickruf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BRICKRUF.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickruf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BRICKRUF.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BRICKRUF.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickruf.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BRICKRUF.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickruf.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BRICKRUF.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brickruf.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MARBLE1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/marble1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MARBLE1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/marble1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MARBLE1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MARBLE1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/marble1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MARBLE1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/marble1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MARBLE1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MARBLE1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/marble1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MARBLE1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/marble1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MARBLE1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/marble1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/WDFENCE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wdfence.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/WDFENCE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wdfence.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/WDFENCE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/WDFENCE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wdfence.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/WDFENCE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wdfence.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/WDFENCE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/WDFENCE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wdfence.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/WDFENCE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wdfence.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/WDFENCE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wdfence.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROOFRCK1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/roofrck1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROOFRCK1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/roofrck1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/ROOFRCK1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROOFRCK1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/roofrck1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROOFRCK1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/roofrck1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/ROOFRCK1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROOFRCK1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/roofrck1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROOFRCK1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/roofrck1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/ROOFRCK1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/roofrck1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BUILD1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BUILD1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BUILD1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BUILD1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BUILD1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BUILD1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BUILD1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BUILD1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BUILD1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/build1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood14.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/PIPESMTH.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pipesmth.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/PIPESMTH.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pipesmth.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/PIPESMTH.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/PIPESMTH.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pipesmth.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/PIPESMTH.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pipesmth.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/PIPESMTH.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/PIPESMTH.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pipesmth.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/PIPESMTH.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pipesmth.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/PIPESMTH.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/pipesmth.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/MR_ROCK2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/MR_ROCK2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/MR_ROCK2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/MR_ROCK2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/MR_ROCK2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/MR_ROCK2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/MR_ROCK2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/MR_ROCK2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/MR_ROCK2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/MR_CARPET2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_carpet2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/MR_CARPET2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_carpet2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/MR_CARPET2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/MR_CARPET2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_carpet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/MR_CARPET2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_carpet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/MR_CARPET2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/MR_CARPET2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_carpet2.tga: 788443 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/mr_carpet2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_FLOOR10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_floor10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_FLOOR10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_floor10.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_FLOOR10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_FLOOR10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_floor10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_FLOOR10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_floor10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_FLOOR10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_FLOOR10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_floor10.tga: 788911 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_floor10.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/WOODWETH.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/woodweth.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/WOODWETH.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/woodweth.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/WOODWETH.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/WOODWETH.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/woodweth.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/WOODWETH.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/woodweth.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/WOODWETH.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/WOODWETH.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/woodweth.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/WOODWETH.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/woodweth.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/WOODWETH.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/woodweth.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD17.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD17.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD17.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood17.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_BRICK2STUCK.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brick2stuck.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_BRICK2STUCK.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brick2stuck.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_BRICK2STUCK.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_BRICK2STUCK.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brick2stuck.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_BRICK2STUCK.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brick2stuck.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_BRICK2STUCK.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_BRICK2STUCK.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brick2stuck.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_BRICK2STUCK.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brick2stuck.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_BRICK2STUCK.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_brick2stuck.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_BRICKBTM.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickbtm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_BRICKBTM.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickbtm.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_BRICKBTM.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_BRICKBTM.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickbtm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_BRICKBTM.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickbtm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_BRICKBTM.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_BRICKBTM.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickbtm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BASE_BRICKBTM.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickbtm.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BASE_BRICKBTM.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_brickbtm.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/LADDER.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ladder.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/LADDER.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ladder.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/LADDER.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/LADDER.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ladder.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/LADDER.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ladder.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/LADDER.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/LADDER.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ladder.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/LADDER.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ladder.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/LADDER.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/ladder.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/BARREL.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/barrel.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/BARREL.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/barrel.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/BEACH/BARREL.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/BARREL.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/barrel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/BARREL.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/barrel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/BEACH/BARREL.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/BARREL.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/barrel.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/BEACH/BARREL.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/barrel.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/BEACH/BARREL.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/barrel.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/COBLDG6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/cobldg6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/COBLDG6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/cobldg6.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/COBLDG6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/COBLDG6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/cobldg6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/COBLDG6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/cobldg6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/COBLDG6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/COBLDG6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/cobldg6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/COBLDG6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/cobldg6.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/COBLDG6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/cobldg6.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/RTILE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rtile.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/RTILE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rtile.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/RTILE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/RTILE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rtile.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/RTILE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rtile.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/RTILE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/RTILE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rtile.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/RTILE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rtile.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/RTILE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rtile.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BRICKSM5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricksm5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BRICKSM5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricksm5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BRICKSM5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BRICKSM5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricksm5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BRICKSM5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricksm5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BRICKSM5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BRICKSM5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricksm5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BRICKSM5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricksm5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BRICKSM5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bricksm5.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/COSTORE1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/costore1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/COSTORE1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/costore1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/COSTORE1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/COSTORE1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/costore1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/COSTORE1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/costore1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/COSTORE1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/COSTORE1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/costore1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/COSTORE1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/costore1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/COSTORE1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/costore1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROCKWAL2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockwal2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROCKWAL2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockwal2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/ROCKWAL2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROCKWAL2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockwal2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROCKWAL2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockwal2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/ROCKWAL2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROCKWAL2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockwal2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/ROCKWAL2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockwal2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/ROCKWAL2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rockwal2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/GRASS2SAND.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/grass2sand.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/GRASS2SAND.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/grass2sand.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/GRASS2SAND.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/GRASS2SAND.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/grass2sand.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/GRASS2SAND.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/grass2sand.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/GRASS2SAND.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/GRASS2SAND.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/grass2sand.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/GRASS2SAND.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/grass2sand.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/GRASS2SAND.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/grass2sand.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/COLHOUS2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colhous2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/COLHOUS2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colhous2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/COLHOUS2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/COLHOUS2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colhous2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/COLHOUS2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colhous2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/COLHOUS2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/COLHOUS2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colhous2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/COLHOUS2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colhous2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/COLHOUS2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/colhous2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/COLHOUS3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colhous3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/COLHOUS3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colhous3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/COLHOUS3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/COLHOUS3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colhous3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/COLHOUS3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colhous3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/COLHOUS3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/COLHOUS3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colhous3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/COLHOUS3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colhous3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/COLHOUS3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/colhous3.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/WOOD1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wood1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/WOOD1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wood1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/WOOD1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/WOOD1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wood1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/WOOD1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wood1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/WOOD1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/WOOD1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wood1.tga: 294312 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wood1.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_WOOD16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood16.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BRICKSM1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricksm1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BRICKSM1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricksm1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BRICKSM1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BRICKSM1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricksm1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BRICKSM1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricksm1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BRICKSM1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BRICKSM1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricksm1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BRICKSM1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricksm1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BRICKSM1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bricksm1.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BRICKSM4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricksm4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BRICKSM4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricksm4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BRICKSM4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BRICKSM4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricksm4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BRICKSM4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricksm4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BRICKSM4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BRICKSM4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricksm4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/BRICKSM4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricksm4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/BRICKSM4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bricksm4.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DINANT/SARGE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dinant/sarge.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DINANT/SARGE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dinant/sarge.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DINANT/SARGE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DINANT/SARGE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dinant/sarge.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DINANT/SARGE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dinant/sarge.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DINANT/SARGE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DINANT/SARGE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dinant/sarge.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DINANT/SARGE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dinant/sarge.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DINANT/SARGE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dinant/sarge.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/TRK_BED.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_bed.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/TRK_BED.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_bed.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/TRK_BED.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/TRK_BED.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_bed.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/TRK_BED.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_bed.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/TRK_BED.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/TRK_BED.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_bed.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/TRK_BED.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_bed.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/TRK_BED.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/trk_bed.wal: 10300 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/TIMPOD7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/timpod7.png: 3363 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/TIMPOD7.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/TIMPOD6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/timpod6.png: 4305 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/TIMPOD6.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/TIMPOD.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/timpod.png: 1243 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/TIMPOD.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/WGRATE1_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wgrate1_5.png: 5052 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/WGRATE1_5.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/TRK_TIRE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_tire.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/TRK_TIRE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_tire.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/TRK_TIRE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/TRK_TIRE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_tire.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/TRK_TIRE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_tire.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/TRK_TIRE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/TRK_TIRE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_tire.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/TRK_TIRE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/trk_tire.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/TRK_TIRE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/trk_tire.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/LCPSIDE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/lcpside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/LCPSIDE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/lcpside.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/LCPSIDE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/LCPSIDE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/lcpside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/LCPSIDE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/lcpside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/LCPSIDE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/LCPSIDE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/lcpside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/LCPSIDE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/lcpside.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/LCPSIDE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/lcpside.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/SUPPORT1_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/support1_1.png: 3130 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/SUPPORT1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/TIMPOD8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/timpod8.png: 2890 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/TIMPOD8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DINANT/DINANT.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dinant/dinant.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DINANT/DINANT.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dinant/dinant.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DINANT/DINANT.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DINANT/DINANT.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dinant/dinant.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DINANT/DINANT.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dinant/dinant.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DINANT/DINANT.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DINANT/DINANT.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dinant/dinant.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DINANT/DINANT.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dinant/dinant.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DINANT/DINANT.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dinant/dinant.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/GRASS1_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/grass1_4.png: 9730 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/GRASS1_4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/ORIGIN.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/origin.png: 254 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/ORIGIN.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/SHUTTER.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/shutter.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/SHUTTER.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/shutter.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/SHUTTER.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/SHUTTER.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/shutter.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/SHUTTER.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/shutter.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/SHUTTER.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/SHUTTER.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/shutter.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY2/SHUTTER.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/shutter.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY2/SHUTTER.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/shutter.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/STAING2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/staing2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/STAING2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/staing2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/STAING2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/STAING2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/staing2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/STAING2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/staing2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/STAING2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/STAING2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/staing2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/STAING2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/staing2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/STAING2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/staing2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/STAING3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/staing3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/STAING3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/staing3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/STAING3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/STAING3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/staing3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/STAING3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/staing3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/STAING3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/STAING3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/staing3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/STAING3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/staing3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/STAING3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/staing3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/WINDOW3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/WINDOW3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/WINDOW3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/WINDOW3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/WINDOW3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/WINDOW3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/WINDOW3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/WINDOW3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/WINDOW3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/window3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_FORMICA3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_FORMICA3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_FORMICA3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_FORMICA3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_FORMICA3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_FORMICA3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_FORMICA3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/DDAY/MR_FORMICA3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/DDAY/MR_FORMICA3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_formica3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SARGE1/P51-STRIPES.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sarge1/p51-stripes.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SARGE1/P51-STRIPES.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sarge1/p51-stripes.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SARGE1/P51-STRIPES.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SARGE1/P51-STRIPES.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sarge1/p51-stripes.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SARGE1/P51-STRIPES.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sarge1/p51-stripes.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SARGE1/P51-STRIPES.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SARGE1/P51-STRIPES.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sarge1/p51-stripes.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SARGE1/P51-STRIPES.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sarge1/p51-stripes.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SARGE1/P51-STRIPES.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/sarge1/p51-stripes.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1rt.tga: 71518 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1bk.tga: 86934 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1lf.tga: 77122 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1ft.tga: 106050 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1up.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1up.tga: 97286 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1dn.tga: 7742 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/bomb.wav: 38060 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/explosion.wav: 36534 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/misc/trigger1.wav: 4618 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/targdest.wav: 29844 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dinant/water.wav: 88114 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dinant/battle1b.wav: 284894 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dinant/flyby.wav: 85430 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/water1.wav: 81648 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday2/bell.wav: 147178 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/amb10.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dinant/tank.wav: 16748 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/brkglas.wav: 73058 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dinant/ariqmbg.wav: 352844 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/mp1dday2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/mp1dday2.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/mp1dday2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/mp1dday2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/mp1dday2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/mp1dday2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/mp1dday2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/mp1dday2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/mp1dday2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/mp1dday2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/mp1dday2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/mp1dday2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/mp1dday2.pcx: 18036 bytes
unnamed is now an Observer.
Type "Observer" to leave observer mode.
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/mp1dday2.cfg: 30 bytes
Execing cfg/mp1dday2.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/mp1dday2.txt: 0 bytes
