 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/mtownbh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/mtownbh.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/mtownbh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/mtownbh.pcx: 33318 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Jim connected.
BOTskrieg connected.
saBOTage connected.
Niels connected.
G.I. Joe connected.
Lars connected.
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/mtownbh.cfg: 28 bytes
Execing cfg/mtownbh.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/mtownbh.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/mtownbh.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/mtownb.bsp: 1048936 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: mtownb
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/mtownb.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/mtownb.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/mtownb.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for mtownb.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/mtownb.pcx...error.
func_train without a target at (-1380 -1505 -11)
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: mtownb
mtownb.cmp Loaded
-------------------------------------
       : AI: Nodes Initialized.
       : loaded nodes:59.
       : added nodes:0.
       : total nodes:59.
       : loaded links:115.
       : added links:0.
       : added jump links:0.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Deathville
Mr YOur no fun
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/grass1_base1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/vllcbbl2.wal: 13700 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bricks2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/taken/catawall6.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/hedge.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandyrockx2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rockgrey.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_asphalt.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood16.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/brick60a.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_formica1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rescale/s_town_c22a1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rescale/brk_window6.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rescale/ca_door_c01.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_floor10.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/vbrooftile.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wood1.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rescale/brk_window5.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rescale/brk_window4.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wdfence.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b15.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rescale/desk_c04.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_formica3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b5.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/taken/catawallgrey7.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/colhous2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_bkup.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rescale/book_c05.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rescale/bedlinenpillow_c02.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/taken/shiny.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/taken/lanterna2.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0132.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cf_mansion4q2/cf_m_mrbl1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sidewlk1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/taken/chtappeto3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/taken/egypt15.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_bkend.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rescale/bedlinen_c04.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brickruf.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/crate2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/dirtrubble.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/remedyrailtrack2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/grim/grass2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/costore1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b6.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/colbldg5.wal: 54500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/trksxb.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/m4_tracks.wal: 83400 bytes
Couldn't load textures/blindados/m4_tracks.wal: Invalid file format
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/camo8.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/hocam1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/plat1_1.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/pantherw2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/taken/nmgls_12.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/munf2rt.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/munf2bk.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/munf2lf.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/munf2ft.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/munf2up.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/munf2dn.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/afrowuk/afrow_planeidle.wav: 25794 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/mtownb.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/mtownb.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/mtownb.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
saBOTage connected.
Goebbels connected.
SaBOTeur connected.
VolksBOT connected.
Dipsymama connected.
BOTwurst connected.
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/mtownb.cfg: 30 bytes
Execing cfg/mtownb.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/mtownb.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/mtownb.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/mp1dday3.bsp: 1001500 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: mp1dday3
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/mp1dday3.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/mp1dday3.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/mp1dday3.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for mp1dday3.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/mp1dday3.pcx...done.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: mp1dday3
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Somewhere in France: D-Day Plus 4
Designed by !Wh33ty!
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/bluwter.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/grass1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mp1dday3/sbagbland.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_boxtop.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_boxsd.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood4.wal: 7240 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mp1dday3/thanku.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b2.wal: 21520 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b2_a.wal: 21520 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mp1dday3/hop1.wal: 24580 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/damage1_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/btdoor_op.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/sign_x.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_box.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1rt.tga: 206962 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1bk.tga: 196222 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1lf.tga: 205806 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1ft.tga: 203906 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1up.tga: 214582 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/valley1dn.tga: 155902 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/5insx.wav: 54998 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday6/gijoe.wav: 82252 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday6/info.wav: 61386 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday6/aintbag.wav: 22638 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/mp1dday3.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/mp1dday3.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/mp1dday3.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/mp1dday3.pcx: 15794 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/mp1dday3.cfg: 30 bytes
Execing cfg/mp1dday3.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/mp1dday3.txt: 0 bytes
