 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/vehltreadb.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop68.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file
 or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/golgotha/tintcamovtop.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window19.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntrt.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntbk.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntlf.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntft.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntup.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntdn.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/colpiron/tank1.wav: 46844 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/tank2.wav: 33450 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_strt.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_mid.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_end.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/mtownbhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/mtownbhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/mtownbhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/mtownbhv2.pcx: 116200 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
saBOTage connected.
Botcom connected.
Eisenhower connected.
VerBOTen connected.
Patton connected.
PolkaBOT connected.
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/mtownbhv2.cfg: 29 bytes
Execing cfg/mtownbhv2.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/mtownbhv2.txt: 0 bytes
