open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0174.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0174.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0174.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0174.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0174.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0174.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0174.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0174.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0174.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0174.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0174.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0174.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0174.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0174.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0174.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0174.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0174.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0174.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0174.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0174.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0150.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0150.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0150.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0150.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0150.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0150.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0150.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0150.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/pln3.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/pipe1.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_23.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/grass1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bedsheet2.wal: 13700 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bedsheet.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/floor_grated.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/BLT0026.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/strag/drawersf.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cshrine4q2/marble_art.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/graphtallica/brick2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0173.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0150.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0150.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0150.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0150.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0150.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0150.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0150.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0150.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0031.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0035.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_brick1a.wal: 49060 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/b_st_v6.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/b_sr_c09aa.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/black.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_tire.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_canvas.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/side_dark.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/basic1_4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/shiny1_6.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/camo8.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_escorilha2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_rajada2.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_Wopc.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_rajada.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_redstar.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_tile1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_chamuscado.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/cart_wheel.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/bigmet1_2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/T34-85_tracks.wal: 31380 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_side.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_tankgreyside.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/metal2_2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_canvas.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_escorilha.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/light_bottom.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_end2.wal: 780 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_side.wal: 2140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_top.wal: 1120 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_end1.wal: 780 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/barrel.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dbarrelt.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/clayroof.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/ST0099.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/wd1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dbarrel.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/mr_tile62.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btdr.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/hedge.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_burnt.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/rubble2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/rubble1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hfx/liquid2dirty.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg1b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4bt.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_cher1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/city/wb1wind.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/city/wb1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/DT-nyc/brownstone.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/dt-nyc/brownstone.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/DT-nyc/brownstone.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/dt-nyc/brownstone.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/over/DT-nyc/brownstone.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/DT-nyc/brownstone.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/dt-nyc/brownstone.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/DT-nyc/brownstone.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/dt-nyc/brownstone.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/over/DT-nyc/brownstone.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/DT-nyc/brownstone.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/dt-nyc/brownstone.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/DT-nyc/brownstone.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/dt-nyc/brownstone.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/over/DT-nyc/brownstone.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/DT-nyc/brownstone.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/dt-nyc/brownstone.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/DT-nyc/brownstone.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/dt-nyc/brownstone.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/over/DT-nyc/brownstone.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/DT-nyc/tenement.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/dt-nyc/tenement.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/DT-nyc/tenement.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/dt-nyc/tenement.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/over/DT-nyc/tenement.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/DT-nyc/tenement.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/dt-nyc/tenement.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/DT-nyc/tenement.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/dt-nyc/tenement.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/over/DT-nyc/tenement.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/DT-nyc/tenement.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/dt-nyc/tenement.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/DT-nyc/tenement.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/dt-nyc/tenement.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/over/DT-nyc/tenement.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/DT-nyc/tenement.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/dt-nyc/tenement.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/DT-nyc/tenement.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/dt-nyc/tenement.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/over/DT-nyc/tenement.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/funionz.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/sarjak1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/tanya.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/samer/dashX.wal: 27300 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/samer/samer.wal: 27300 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fafnor2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/mycar.wal: 51100 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/sign_x.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dinant/sarge.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/funionz/pancakerabbit.wal: 70820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dunkirk/snazy.wal: 102100 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdpic.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ghetto/timber.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/misha.wal: 102100 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/julhelm.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/window2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/convulsion/woodbox5.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m7a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfsfx_fire01.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/trans.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfsfx_fire02.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/plat1_1.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/pantherw2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/hocam1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/cindr8_2crack.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/tris.md2: 980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/skin.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_strt.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_mid.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_end.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/cherbourg/amb4.wav: 1744940 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/june6/ambience.wav: 800174 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/june6/combata2.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/june6/combata2.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/june6/combata2.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/electro.wav: 59958 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/munf11.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/munf11.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/munf11.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.pcx: 1406 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/munf11.cfg: 28 bytes
Execing cfg/munf11.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/munf11.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/munf11.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/munf10.bsp: 2369076 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: munf10
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/munf10.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/munf10.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/munf10.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for munf10.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/munf10.pcx...error.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: munf10
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




The Railyard
Mr. YOur no fun
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfrock6.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dirt1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cshrine4q2/dirt2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/pipesmth.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/ddbasc01.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_wheel.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m1b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m11.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood7.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/drttrck.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_brownadrk.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bricks2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cf_mansion4q2/cf_m_floor01.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/crate2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/BLT0027.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0097.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0092.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cf_mansion4q2/cf_m_flr1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cf_mansion4q2/cf_m_wp05.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cf_mansion4q2/cf_m_flr1a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cf_mansion4q2/cf_m_base02.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/floor_board.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cf_mansion4q2/cf_m_panel01.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0012.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0004.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/da_produce.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_rc_v19.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_cp_v33b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/produce.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/ST0060.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0001.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0109.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/0798water.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/brick05a.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cf_mansion4q2/cf_roof02.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/brick05.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/sandbag64.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/b_sr_c27.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cf_mansion4q2/cf_m_base01.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cf_mansion4q2/cf_m_mrbl1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/GL0075.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/w_sy_v3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/fifties_dr2.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/brnwall2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/genwood6.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_brick1.wal: 49060 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_woodr2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0175.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0170.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0022.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/window_d.wal: 10300 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/custom/hfx/ancient1b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/ghouse1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/GL0114.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0004.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/ST0093.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0009.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0014.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/GL0060.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/ST0091.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0018.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a13.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0132.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a10.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/ik_brick_3216a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/ik_brickwall_grydoor.wal: 21860 
bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3btwd.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3btdr.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4btdr.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4btwd.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/rockb.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/tree2grassc1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/navarone/tree1.wal: 40900 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/sandbtop64.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munffolage18.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/brick1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_brickwin.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a18.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_brick2stuck.wal: 21860 
bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/dogvenbrickivy4.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gypsy/build08_01.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gypsy/build10_02.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/bricks3.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez2/clear1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez2/plants3.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez2/plants4.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/bldg2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/dirtrubble.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/leather.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/winters/5_concbl.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfrock11.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwater1.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/trk_tread.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/remedyrestrooms01c.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0113.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cf_mansion4q2/cf_m_grass1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cf_mansion4q2/cf_m_wd1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dwellrt.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dwellbk.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dwelllf.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dwellft.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dwellup.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dwelldn.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/munf10.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/munf10.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/munf10.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.pcx: 1406 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/munf10.cfg: 27 bytes
Execing cfg/munf10.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/munf10.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/munf10.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/mtown.bsp: 1147296 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: mtown
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/mtown.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/mtown.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/mtown.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for mtown.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/mtown.pcx...done.
func_train without a target at (-1380 -1505 -11)
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: mtown
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Deathville
Mr YOur no fun
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/grim/grass2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/vllcbbl2.wal: 13700 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/grass1_base1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/hedge.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandyrockx2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rockgrey.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_asphalt.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood16.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/brick60a.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rescale/s_town_c22a1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_formica1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rescale/brk_window6.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rescale/ca_door_c01.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_floor10.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/vbrooftile.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wood1.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rescale/brk_window5.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/door30_128x256.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rescale/brk_window4.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/taken/catawall6.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wdfence.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b15.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rescale/desk_c04.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_formica3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b5.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/taken/catawallgrey7.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/colhous2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_bkup.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rescale/book_c05.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rescale/bedlinenpillow_c02.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/taken/shiny.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/taken/lanterna2.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sidewlk1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/taken/egypt15.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_bkend.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/taken/chtappeto3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rescale/bedlinen_c04.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/clip.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bricksm1.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/remedyrailtrack2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/costore1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/vllroof.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/colbldg5.wal: 54500 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b6.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/door2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/taken/nmwod_02.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/ancient3.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/trksxb.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/m4_tracks.wal: 83400 bytes
Couldn't load textures/blindados/m4_tracks.wal: Invalid file format
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/m4_tracks.wal: 83400 bytes
Couldn't load textures/blindados/m4_tracks.wal: Invalid file format
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/camo8.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/hocam1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/taken/nmgls_12.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_boxsd.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_box.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/taken/sand_42.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/taken/sand_49.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/tris.md2: 7168 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/skin.pcx: 9215 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/tris.md2: 126332 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/skin.pcx: 27836 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/tris.md2: 4916 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/skin.pcx: 34838 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/tris.md2: 197204 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/skin.pcx: 39611 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/tris.md2: 6216 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/skin.pcx: 37969 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/tris.md2: 112368
 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/skin.pcx: 73665 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/tris.md2: 6868 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/skin.pcx: 15460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/tris.md2: 133564 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/skin.pcx: 25192 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bhmg/tris.md2: 4752 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bhmg/skin.pcx: 18742 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/tris.md2: 171696 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/skin.pcx: 24678 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/tris.md2: 6540 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/skin.pcx: 10987 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/tris.md2: 105704 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/skin.pcx: 23554 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/tris.md2: 16372 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/skin.pcx: 50990 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/tris.md2: 305860 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/skin.pcx: 90762 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/tris.md2: 8184 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/skin.pcx: 46386 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/tris.md2: 196452 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/skin.pcx: 62929 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/items/ammo/lmg2/tris.md2: 728 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/items/ammo/lmg2/skin.pcx: 2077 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/tris.md2: 1121488 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_colt45.md2: 181676 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_colt45.pcx: 9624 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1.md2: 90004 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1.pcx: 16629 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_thompson.md2: 116976 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_thompson.pcx: 36975 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bar.md2: 128820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bar.pcx: 15460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bhmg.md2: 102568 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bhmg.pcx: 18742 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bazooka.md2: 147272 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bazooka.pcx: 10987 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1903.md2: 351776 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1903.pcx: 50990 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/a_grenade.md2: 56592 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/a_grenade.pcx: 16364 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_flame.md2: 112536 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_flame.pcx: 19125 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_morphine.md2: 120848 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_morphine.pcx: 7774 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_knife.md2: 99544 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_knife.pcx: 10495 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_binoc.md2: 231408 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/tris.md2: 9752 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/skin.pcx: 44076 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m1.pcx: 1874 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_thompson.pcx: 2003 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bar.pcx: 1834 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bhmg.pcx: 2012 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bazooka.pcx: 1757 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m1903.pcx: 1976 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/scope_usa.pcx: 4425 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/victory_usa.pcx: 5894 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/munf2rt.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/munf2bk.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/munf2lf.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/munf2ft.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/munf2up.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/munf2dn.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/fire.wav: 17454 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/reload.wav: 7044 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/unload.wav: 6724 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/fire.wav: 29600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/lastround.wav: 58612 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/reload.wav: 9776 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/unload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/fire.wav: 32032 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/reload.wav: 13484 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/unload.wav: 4822 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/fire.wav: 90498 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/reload.wav: 20378 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/unload.wav: 16492 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/fire.wav: 53996 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/reload.wav: 33436 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/unload.wav: 48514 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/fire.wav: 79350 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/reload.wav: 17436 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/rockfly.wav: 82186 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/fire.wav: 73440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/lastround.wav: 158024 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/reload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/unload.wav: 7644 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/victory.wav: 125886 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/afrowuk/afrow_planeidle.wav: 25794 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/brkglas.wav: 73058 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/bomb.wav: 38060 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/cherbourg/amb1.wav: 3836050 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/mtown.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/mtown.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/mtown.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/mtown.pcx: 34310 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/mtown.cfg: 31 bytes
Execing cfg/mtown.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/mtown.txt: 0 bytes
