open_file_read: locs/munf12.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.pcx: 1406 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/munf12.cfg: 28 bytes
Execing cfg/munf12.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/munf12.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/munf12.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/munf11.bsp: 2138632 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: munf11
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/munf11.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/munf11.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/munf11.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for munf11.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/munf11.pcx...error.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: munf11
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




The Factory
Mr. YOur no fun
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/bunkwall3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbrick3.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Mt0494.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0077.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0077.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0077.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0077.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0077.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0077.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0077.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0077.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0077.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0077.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0077.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0077.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0077.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0077.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0077.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0077.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0077.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0077.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0077.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0077.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0178.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0178.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0178.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0178.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0178.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0178.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0178.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0178.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0178.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0178.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0178.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0178.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0178.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0178.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0178.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0178.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0178.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0168.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0168.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0168.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0168.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0168.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0168.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0168.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0168.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0168.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0168.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0168.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0168.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0168.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0168.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0168.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0168.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0168.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0168.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0168.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0168.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0078.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0078.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0172.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0172.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0174.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0174.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0174.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0174.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0174.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0174.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0174.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0174.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0174.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0174.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0174.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0174.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0174.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0174.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0174.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0174.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0174.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0174.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0174.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0174.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0150.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0150.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0150.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0150.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0150.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0150.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0150.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0150.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0109.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0109.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/pln3.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/pipe1.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_23.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/grass1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bedsheet2.wal: 13700 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bedsheet.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/floor_grated.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/BLT0026.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/strag/drawersf.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cshrine4q2/marble_art.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/graphtallica/brick2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0173.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0150.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0150.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0150.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0150.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0150.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0150.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0150.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0150.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0150.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0031.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0035.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_brick1a.wal: 49060 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/b_st_v6.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/b_sr_c09aa.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/black.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_tire.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_canvas.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/side_dark.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/basic1_4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/shiny1_6.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/camo8.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_escorilha2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_rajada2.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_Wopc.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_rajada.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_redstar.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_tile1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_chamuscado.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/cart_wheel.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/bigmet1_2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/T34-85_tracks.wal: 31380 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_side.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_tankgreyside.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/metal2_2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_canvas.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_escorilha.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/light_bottom.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_end2.wal: 780 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_side.wal: 2140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_top.wal: 1120 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_end1.wal: 780 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/barrel.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dbarrelt.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/clayroof.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/ST0099.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/wd1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dbarrel.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/mr_tile62.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btdr.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/hedge.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_burnt.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/rubble2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/rubble1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hfx/liquid2dirty.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg1b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4bt.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_cher1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/city/wb1wind.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/city/wb1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/DT-nyc/brownstone.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/dt-nyc/brownstone.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/DT-nyc/brownstone.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/dt-nyc/brownstone.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/over/DT-nyc/brownstone.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/DT-nyc/brownstone.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/dt-nyc/brownstone.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/DT-nyc/brownstone.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/dt-nyc/brownstone.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/over/DT-nyc/brownstone.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/DT-nyc/brownstone.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/dt-nyc/brownstone.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/DT-nyc/brownstone.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/dt-nyc/brownstone.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/over/DT-nyc/brownstone.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/DT-nyc/brownstone.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/dt-nyc/brownstone.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/DT-nyc/brownstone.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/dt-nyc/brownstone.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/over/DT-nyc/brownstone.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/DT-nyc/tenement.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/dt-nyc/tenement.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/DT-nyc/tenement.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/dt-nyc/tenement.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/over/DT-nyc/tenement.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/DT-nyc/tenement.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/dt-nyc/tenement.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/DT-nyc/tenement.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/dt-nyc/tenement.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/over/DT-nyc/tenement.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/DT-nyc/tenement.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/dt-nyc/tenement.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/DT-nyc/tenement.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/dt-nyc/tenement.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/over/DT-nyc/tenement.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/DT-nyc/tenement.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/dt-nyc/tenement.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/DT-nyc/tenement.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/dt-nyc/tenement.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/over/DT-nyc/tenement.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/funionz.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/sarjak1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/tanya.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/samer/dashX.wal: 27300 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/samer/samer.wal: 27300 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fafnor2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/mycar.wal: 51100 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/sign_x.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dinant/sarge.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/funionz/pancakerabbit.wal: 70820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dunkirk/snazy.wal: 102100 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/jdpic.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ghetto/timber.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/misha.wal: 102100 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/julhelm.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/window2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/convulsion/woodbox5.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m7a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfsfx_fire01.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/trans.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfsfx_fire02.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/plat1_1.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/pantherw2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/hocam1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/cindr8_2crack.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/tris.md2: 980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/skin.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_strt.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_mid.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_end.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/cherbourg/amb4.wav: 1744940 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/june6/ambience.wav: 800174 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/june6/combata2.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/june6/combata2.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/june6/combata2.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/electro.wav: 59958 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/munf11.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/munf11.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/munf11.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.pcx: 1406 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/munf11.cfg: 28 bytes
Execing cfg/munf11.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/munf11.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/munf11.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/munf10.bsp: 2369076 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: munf10
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/munf10.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/munf10.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/munf10.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for munf10.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/munf10.pcx...error.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: munf10
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




The Railyard
Mr. YOur no fun
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfrock6.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dirt1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cshrine4q2/dirt2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/pipesmth.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/ddbasc01.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_wheel.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m1b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m11.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood7.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/drttrck.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_brownadrk.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bricks2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cf_mansion4q2/cf_m_floor01.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/crate2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/BLT0027.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0097.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0092.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cf_mansion4q2/cf_m_flr1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cf_mansion4q2/cf_m_wp05.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cf_mansion4q2/cf_m_flr1a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cf_mansion4q2/cf_m_base02.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/floor_board.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cf_mansion4q2/cf_m_panel01.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0012.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0004.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/da_produce.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_rc_v19.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_cp_v33b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/produce.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/ST0060.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0001.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0109.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/0798water.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/brick05a.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cf_mansion4q2/cf_roof02.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/brick05.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/sandbag64.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/osiris/b_sr_c27.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cf_mansion4q2/cf_m_base01.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cf_mansion4q2/cf_m_mrbl1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/GL0075.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/w_sy_v3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/fifties_dr2.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/brnwall2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/genwood6.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_brick1.wal: 49060 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_woodr2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0175.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0170.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0022.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/window_d.wal: 10300 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/custom/hfx/ancient1b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/ghouse1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/GL0114.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0004.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/ST0093.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0009.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0014.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/GL0060.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/ST0091.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0018.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a13.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0132.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a10.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/ik_brick_3216a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/ik_brickwall_grydoor.wal: 21860 
bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3btwd.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3btdr.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4btdr.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4btwd.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/rockb.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/tree2grassc1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/navarone/tree1.wal: 40900 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/sandbtop64.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munffolage18.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/brick1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_brickwin.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a18.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_brick2stuck.wal: 21860 
bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/dogvenbrickivy4.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gypsy/build08_01.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gypsy/build10_02.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/bricks3.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez2/clear1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez2/plants3.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez2/plants4.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/bldg2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/dirtrubble.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/leather.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/winters/5_concbl.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfrock11.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwater1.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/trk_tread.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/remedyrestrooms01c.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0113.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cf_mansion4q2/cf_m_grass1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cf_mansion4q2/cf_m_wd1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dwellrt.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dwellbk.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dwelllf.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dwellft.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dwellup.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dwelldn.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/munf10.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/munf10.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/munf10.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.pcx: 1406 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/munf10.cfg: 27 bytes
Execing cfg/munf10.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/munf10.txt: 0 bytes
