open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bark.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munffoliage7.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwall2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/afrow.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/julhelm.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/bricks3.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood4.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munffolage9.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/russian3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood4a.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_wall4.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_wall6.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/crcity/asphalt.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/CityTexs/drawersf.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0048.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0162.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0050.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Mt0494.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0026.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0018.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0018.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0018.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0018.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/MDR0018.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0018.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0018.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0018.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0018.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/MDR0018.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0018.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0018.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0018.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0018.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/MDR0018.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0018.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0018.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0018.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0018.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/MDR0018.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0018.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0018.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0018.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0018.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/MDR0018.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0018.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0018.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0018.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0018.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/MDR0018.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0018.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0018.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0018.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0018.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/MDR0018.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0018.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0018.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0018.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0018.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/MDR0018.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0018.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0018.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0018.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0018.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/MDR0018.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0025.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/strag/drawerss.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/neptune/cabnt1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/strag/drawersf.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/metaltrain8.wal: 16760 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rooftop1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/bahamut.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/bahamut.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/bahamut.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/bahamut.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/bahamut.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/bahamut.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/bahamut.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/bahamut.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/bahamut.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/bahamut.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/bahamut.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/bahamut.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/bahamut.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/bahamut.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/bahamut.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/bahamut.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/bahamut.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bahamut.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/bahamut.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_wood2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0025.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0025.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0025.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0025.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/MDR0025.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0025.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0025.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0025.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0025.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/MDR0025.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0025.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0025.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0025.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/mdr0025.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/MDR0025.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood2.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks10.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfdoor2.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/GL0032.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwall1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_cp_v4.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood10.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow5.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_v3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_v14.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/livid3.wal: 49060 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0008.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0006.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_wall2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfgrnd2a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfgrnd2a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfgrnd2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfgrnd2a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfgrnd2a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfgrnd2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfgrnd2a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfgrnd2a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfgrnd2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfgrnd2a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfgrnd2a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfgrnd2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfgrnd2a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfgrnd2a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfgrnd2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_wall17.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow6.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow6.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow6.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwindow7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfdoor4.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood1.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cshrine4q2/wood_burnt2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfwood8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfstraw.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_bark.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfwood6a.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfroof1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/wood_door.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/bluewin.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/MDR0023.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/bigdoor1.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_wframed.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/door06.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cshrine4q2/wood_burnt1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cshrine4q2/wall2_burnt1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cshrine4q2/wall2_burnt.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_c14.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_c09.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/dr_st_m2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m3s.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfrock7.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfbricks7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_crate2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/w_cp_v1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/maggot/rtbricb_dkbo.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/s_sr_m1a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/maggot/wind-ow.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_wall29.wal: 13700 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/convulsion/barrel5.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/convulsion/barrel7.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfgrnd2a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfgrnd2a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfgrnd2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfgrnd2a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfgrnd2a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfgrnd2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfgrnd2a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfgrnd2a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfgrnd2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfgrnd2a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfgrnd2a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfgrnd2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfgrnd2a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfgrnd2a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfgrnd2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/over/munfgrnd2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/over/munfbricks6.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/tris.md2: 980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/skin.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hedgert.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hedgert.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/hedgert.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hedgert.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hedgert.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/hedgert.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hedgert.pcx: 26997 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hedgebk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hedgebk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/hedgebk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hedgebk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hedgebk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/hedgebk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hedgebk.pcx: 27027 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hedgelf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hedgelf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/hedgelf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hedgelf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hedgelf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/hedgelf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hedgelf.pcx: 27146 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hedgeft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hedgeft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/hedgeft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hedgeft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hedgeft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/hedgeft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hedgeft.pcx: 26588 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hedgeup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hedgeup.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/hedgeup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hedgeup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hedgeup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/hedgeup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hedgeup.pcx: 12455 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hedgedn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hedgedn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/hedgedn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hedgedn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hedgedn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/hedgedn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/hedgedn.pcx: 82894 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/june6/canary2441.wav: 63834 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/june6/canary441.wav: 57706 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/june6/combata1.wav: 56242 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/june6/chicken441.wav: 93328 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/june6/cattle441.wav: 198588 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/june6/torture1.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/june6/torture1.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/june6/torture1.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/june6/ambience.wav: 800174 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/june6/battle441.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/june6/battle441.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/june6/battle441.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/munf8.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/munf8.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/munf8.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.pcx: 1406 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/munf8.cfg: 34 bytes
Execing cfg/munf8.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/munf8.txt: 0 bytes
