open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/greenlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/mr_cementfloor3.wal: 21860 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/hedge.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/grass1.wal: 144600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/grassrt2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/clip.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/actcity3/sidewlk1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_wood9.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwater6.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m7s.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/metal.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/shadowfire/s_metal4.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrow_textured6b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrow_textured6b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/afrow_textured6b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrow_textured6b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrow_textured6b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/afrow_textured6b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrow_textured6b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrow_textured6b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/afrow_textured6b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrow_textured6b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrow_textured6b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/afrow_textured6b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrow_textured6b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrow_textured6b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/afrow_textured6b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrow_textured6b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrow_textured6b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/afrow_textured6b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrow_textured6b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrow_textured6b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/afrow_textured6b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrow_textured6b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrow_textured6b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/afrow_textured6b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrow_textured6b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrow_textured6b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/afrow_textured6b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrow_textured6b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrow_textured6b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/afrow_textured6b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrow_textured6b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrow_textured6b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/afrow_textured6b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrow_textured6b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrow_textured6b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/afrow_textured6b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/rockrd1.wal: 39880 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_controls02.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_controls01.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/muddywater.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/ussr/soviet_red.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/sandbag64.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/grass_ladder.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelroof1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelroof1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/tunnelroof1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelroof1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelroof1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/tunnelroof1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelroof1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelroof1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/tunnelroof1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelroof1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelroof1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/tunnelroof1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelwall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelwall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/tunnelwall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelwall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelwall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/tunnelwall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelwall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelwall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/tunnelwall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelwall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelwall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/tunnelwall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelwall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelwall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/tunnelwall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelwall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelwall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/tunnelwall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelwall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelwall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/tunnelwall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelwall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelwall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/tunnelwall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelroof1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelroof1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/tunnelroof1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelroof1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelroof1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/tunnelroof1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelroof1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelroof1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/tunnelroof1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelroof1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelroof1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/tunnelroof1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelwall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelwall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/tunnelwall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelwall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelwall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/tunnelwall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelwall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelwall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/tunnelwall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelwall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelwall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/tunnelwall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelwall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelwall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/tunnelwall1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelwall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelwall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/tunnelwall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelwall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelwall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/tunnelwall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelwall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tunnelwall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/tunnelwall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/plate1_4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/panzer5-lagarta.wal: 37500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/plat1_2.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/light_bottom_b.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/light_bottom_a.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_rajada.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_side.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_caback.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/tankgreyside.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_rajada2.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_chamuscado.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_fenda.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/metal36_2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cross.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/tram01_8.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/metal2_2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/jhtex/greenlight.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/origin.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/trigger.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_door2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wood1.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/0798water.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/log1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/white_wall.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/loosebob/skyblue.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/29th_map/floor.wal: 27640 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/door1_back.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/pillar.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/barrel.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/stone_walk.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood4.wal: 7240 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/luisx/green.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metal_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metal_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/grass1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/console_btm.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/breechside002.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/breechtop001.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/howitzer_recoilbedtop001.wal: 
1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/metaltrim_horiz.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/machine_round_side.wal: 1460 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/rusty.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bricks7.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_escorilha.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_side3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_escorilha2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_2aSS_PzDiv.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_ironcross.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_impacto.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/cart_wheel.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/tris.md2: 7168 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/skin.pcx: 9215 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/tris.md2: 126332 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/skin.pcx: 27836 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/tris.md2: 4916 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/skin.pcx: 34838 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/tris.md2: 197204 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/skin.pcx: 39611 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/tris.md2: 6216 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/skin.pcx: 37969 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/tris.md2: 112368
 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/skin.pcx: 73665 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/tris.md2: 6868 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/skin.pcx: 15460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/tris.md2: 133564 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/skin.pcx: 25192 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bhmg/tris.md2: 4752 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bhmg/skin.pcx: 18742 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/tris.md2: 171696 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/skin.pcx: 24678 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/tris.md2: 6540 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/skin.pcx: 10987 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/tris.md2: 105704 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/skin.pcx: 23554 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/tris.md2: 16372 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/skin.pcx: 50990 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/tris.md2: 305860 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/skin.pcx: 90762 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/tris.md2: 8184 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/skin.pcx: 46386 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/tris.md2: 196452 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/skin.pcx: 62929 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/models/items/ammo/smg/tris.md2: 760 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/models/items/ammo/smg/skin.pcx: 1908 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/items/ammo/lmg2/tris.md2: 728 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/items/ammo/lmg2/skin.pcx: 2077 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/tris.md2: 1121488 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_colt45.md2: 181676 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_colt45.pcx: 9624 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1.md2: 90004 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1.pcx: 16629 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_thompson.md2: 116976 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_thompson.pcx: 36975 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bar.md2: 128820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bar.pcx: 15460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bhmg.md2: 102568 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bhmg.pcx: 18742 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bazooka.md2: 147272 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bazooka.pcx: 10987 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1903.md2: 351776 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1903.pcx: 50990 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/a_grenade.md2: 56592 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/a_grenade.pcx: 16364 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_flame.md2: 112536 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_flame.pcx: 19125 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_morphine.md2: 120848 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_morphine.pcx: 7774 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_knife.md2: 99544 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_knife.pcx: 10495 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_binoc.md2: 231408 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/tris.md2: 9752 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/skin.pcx: 44076 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/models/weapons/grm/g_walther/tris.md2: 5796 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/models/weapons/grm/g_walther/skin.pcx: 33725 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/models/weapons/grm/v_walther/tris.md2: 122884 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/models/weapons/grm/v_walther/skin.pcx: 33725 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/grm/g_m98k/tris.md2: 15080 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/grm/g_m98k/skin.pcx: 49356 
bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/grm/v_m98k/tris2.md2: 339612 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/grm/v_m98k/skin2.pcx: 86112 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/models/weapons/grm/g_mp40/tris.md2: 5916 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/models/weapons/grm/g_mp40/skin.pcx: 13129 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/models/weapons/grm/v_mp40/tris.md2: 165912 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/models/weapons/grm/v_mp40/skin.pcx: 33243 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/grm/g_mp43/tris.md2: 9376 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/grm/g_mp43/skin.pcx: 28822 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/grm/v_mp43/tris.md2: 160092 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/grm/v_mp43/skin.pcx: 28920 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/grm/g_panzer/tris.md2: 9520 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/grm/v_panzer/tris.md2: 134800 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/grm/v_panzer/skin.pcx: 41092 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/grm/g_m98ks/tris.md2: 16368 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/grm/g_m98ks/skin.pcx: 50572 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/grm/v_m98ks/tris.md2: 305860 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/grm/v_m98ks/skin.pcx: 91150 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/grm/g_masher/tris.md2: 2944 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/grm/g_masher/skin.pcx: 39583 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/grm/v_masher/tris.md2: 212448 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/grm/v_masher/skin.pcx: 50047 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/items/ammo/lmg1/tris.md2: 2944 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/items/ammo/lmg1/skin.pcx: 2086 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/w_p38.md2: 123960 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_p38.pcx: 31840 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/w_m98k.md2: 96500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_m98k.pcx: 25520 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/w_mp40.md2: 115952 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_mp40.pcx: 11668 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/w_mp43.md2: 159780 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_mp43.pcx: 28933 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/w_mg42.md2: 254028 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_mg42.pcx: 43479 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/w_panzer.md2: 183760 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/w_m98ks.md2: 351776 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/w_m98ks.pcx: 50572 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/a_masher.md2: 82784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/a_masher.pcx: 41399 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/grmplane/tris.md2: 10612 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/grmplane/skin.pcx: 11116 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/jhmodels/sitinf.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/jhmodels/sitinf.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/jhmodels/sitinf.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner/tris.md2: 13428 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner/skin.pcx: 48517 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/weeds.md2: 4128 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/weeds.pcx: 1409 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/inlandtree/tris.md2: 7132 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/inlandtree/skin.pcx: 18327 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/m_foliage.sp2: 92 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/m_foliage_0.pcx: 14014 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/plant.md2: 4676 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/plant.pcx: 930 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m1.pcx: 1874 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_thompson.pcx: 2003 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bar.pcx: 1834 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bhmg.pcx: 2012 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bazooka.pcx: 1757 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m1903.pcx: 1976 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/scope_usa.pcx: 4425 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/victory_usa.pcx: 5894 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m98k.pcx: 1765 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_mp40.pcx: 1663 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_mp43.pcx: 2119 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m98ks.pcx: 1867 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/scope_grm.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/victory_grm.pcx: 7873 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dh3_rt.tga: 95726 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dh3_bk.tga: 105055 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dh3_lf.tga: 116085 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dh3_ft.tga: 96849 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dh3_up.tga: 94818 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/dh3_dn.tga: 52784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/fire.wav: 17454 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/reload.wav: 7044 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/unload.wav: 6724 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/fire.wav: 29600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/lastround.wav: 58612 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/reload.wav: 9776 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/unload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/fire.wav: 32032 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/reload.wav: 13484 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/unload.wav: 4822 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/fire.wav: 90498 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/reload.wav: 20378 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/unload.wav: 16492 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/fire.wav: 53996 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/reload.wav: 33436 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/unload.wav: 48514 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/fire.wav: 79350 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/reload.wav: 17436 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/rockfly.wav: 82186 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/fire.wav: 73440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/lastround.wav: 158024 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/reload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/unload.wav: 7644 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/victory.wav: 125886 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/john/wind2x.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/john/wind2x.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/john/wind2x.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/john/tank.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/john/tank.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/john/tank.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/john/tower2.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/john/tower2.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/john/tower2.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/amb10.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/misc/talk.wav: 8778 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/john/dc3.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/john/dc3.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/john/dc3.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/misc/windfly.wav: 87076 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/grm/p38/fire.wav: 51222 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/grm/p38/reload.wav: 6950 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/grm/p38/unload.wav: 4764 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/grm/m98k/fire.wav: 108332 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/grm/m98k/lastround.wav: 87852 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/grm/m98k/reload.wav: 37386 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/grm/m98k/unload.wav: 40086 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/grm/mp40/fire.wav: 30038 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/grm/mp40/reload.wav: 11514 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/grm/mp40/unload.wav: 6356 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/grm/mp43/fire.wav: 44684 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/grm/mp43/reload.wav: 7902 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/grm/mp43/unload.wav: 16772 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/grm/panzer/fire.wav: 92082 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/grm/panzer/reload.wav: 16410 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/grm/panzer/rockfly.wav: 36042 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/grm/m98ks/fire.wav: 42722 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/grm/m98ks/lastround.wav: 55330 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/grm/m98ks/reload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/grm/m98ks/unload.wav: 9200 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/grm/victory.wav: 117384 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/airstrike/stuka.wav: 194826 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/john/creak2.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/john/creak2.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/john/creak2.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/john/achtung2.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/john/achtung2.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/john/achtung2.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/john/achtung1.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/john/achtung1.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/john/achtung1.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/clock.wav: 85827 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/hum.wav: 29262 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday3/openlock.wav: 40364 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/frog.wav: 170346 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gimp/cricket1.wav: 80923 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/caenamb.wav: 1139458 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/pump2.wav: 58988 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday3/aoga.wav: 244172 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/colpiron/tank1.wav: 46844 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/newpsp.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/newpsp.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/newpsp.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/newpsp.cfg: 28 bytes
Execing cfg/newpsp.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/newpsp.txt: 0 bytes
