open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_v3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v9.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v9.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v9.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v9.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v9.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v9.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v9.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v9.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v9.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v9.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v9.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v9.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_pv_v9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_v17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/scbrick.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/scbrick.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/scbrick.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/scbrick.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/scbrick.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/scbrick.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrickwin.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrickwin.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/scbrickwin.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrickwin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrickwin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/scbrickwin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrickwin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrickwin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/scbrickwin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrickwin.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrickwin.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/scbrickwin.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrickwin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrickwin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/scbrickwin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrickwin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrickwin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/scbrickwin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/scbrick.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/scbrick.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/scbrick.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/scbrick.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/scbrick.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/scbrick.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/scbrick.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/scbrick.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/scbrick.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/scbrick.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/scbrick.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/scbrick.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrickwin.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrickwin.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/scbrickwin.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrickwin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrickwin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/scbrickwin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrickwin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrickwin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/scbrickwin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/scbrick.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/scbrick.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scbrick.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/scbrick.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_tt33/tris.md2: 62280 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_tt33/skin.pcx: 32951 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_tt33/tris.md2: 140756 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_m9130/tris.md2: 13564 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_m9130s/skin.pcx: 43745 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_m9130/tris.md2: 215112 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_ppsh41/tris.md2: 9376 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_ppsh41/skin.pcx: 40440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_ppsh41/tris.md2: 172728 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_pps43/tris.md2: 11920 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_pps43/skin.pcx: 36846 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_pps43/tris.md2: 161460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_dpm/tris.md2: 14964 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_dpm/skin.pcx: 33789 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_dpm/tris.md2: 201640 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_panzer/tris.md2: 9656 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_panzer/skin.pcx: 73347 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_panzer/tris.md2: 134800 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_m9130s/tris.md2: 17304 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_m9130s/tris.md2: 198568 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_grenade/tris.md2: 2920 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_grenade/skin.pcx: 18354 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_grenade/tris.md2: 203844 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_grenade/skin.pcx: 45322 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/rus_drum2/tris.md2: 3124 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/rus_pph43/tris.md2: 2168 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/rus_drum1/tris.md2: 3552 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_molotov/tris.md2: 5512 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.pcx: 69204 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/tris.md2: 94832 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/tris.md2: 1121536 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/w_tt33.md2: 190164 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/w_m9130.md2: 223180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/w_ppsh41.md2: 201576 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/w_pps43.md2: 192452 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/w_dpm.md2: 283000 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/w_panzer.md2: 183760 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/w_m9130s.md2: 313564 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/a_f1grenade.md2: 56592 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/a_f1grenade.pcx: 17530 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nambu/tris.md2: 20032 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nambu/skin.pcx: 19127 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nambu/tris.md2: 356092 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_arisaka/tris.md2: 21748 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisakas/skin.pcx: 29282 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisaka/trisb.md2: 433400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisaka/skinb.pcx: 33314 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_100/tris.md2: 20540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_100/skin.pcx: 34861 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_100/tris.md2: 296036 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_100/skin.pcx: 34861 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_99/tris.md2: 26368 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_99/skin.pcx: 26599 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_99/tris.md2: 346508 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_arisakas/tris.md2: 23224 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisakas/tris.md2: 368128 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_katana/tris.md2: 5368 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_katana/skin.pcx: 31565 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_katana/tris.md2: 84268 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nade/tris.md2: 2920 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nade/skin.pcx: 24258 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nade/tris.md2: 240972 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nade/skin.pcx: 42831 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/jpn/pistolmag/tris.md2: 4896 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/jpn/riflemag/tris.md2: 12096 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/jpn/smgmag/tris.md2: 2896 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/jpn/lmgmag/tris.md2: 3008 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/tris.md2: 1025124 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/w_nambu.md2: 414820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nambu/skin.pcx: 19127 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/w_arisaka.md2: 415428 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_arisaka/skin.pcx: 30344 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/w_type_100.md2: 369672 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/w_type_99.md2: 589388 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_99/skin.pcx: 26599 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/w_panzer.md2: 183760 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/w_arisakas.md2: 441912 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/a_97_grenade.md2: 55212 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/w_katana.md2: 151388 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_tt33.pcx: 1160 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m9130.pcx: 1373 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_ppsh41.pcx: 1483 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_pps43.pcx: 1404 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_dpm.pcx: 1623 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m9130s.pcx: 1419 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_f1grenade.pcx: 1194 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/a_tt33.pcx: 1111 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_m9130.pcx: 1185 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_ppsh41.pcx: 1374 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_pps43.pcx: 1047 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_dpm.pcx: 1367 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/scope_rus.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_rus.pcx: 6652 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_arisaka.pcx: 1668 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_type_100.pcx: 1748 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_type_99.pcx: 1669 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_arisakas.pcx: 1760 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_katana.pcx: 1235 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/scope_jpn.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/victory_jpn.pcx: 6365 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtownrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtownrt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/doomtownrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtownrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtownrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/doomtownrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtownrt.pcx: 62729 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtownbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtownbk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/doomtownbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtownbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtownbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/doomtownbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtownbk.pcx: 65167 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtownlf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtownlf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/doomtownlf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtownlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtownlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/doomtownlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtownlf.pcx: 64881 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtownft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtownft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/doomtownft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtownft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtownft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/doomtownft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtownft.pcx: 63456 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtownup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtownup.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/doomtownup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtownup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtownup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/doomtownup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtownup.pcx: 64964 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtowndn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtowndn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/doomtowndn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtowndn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtowndn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/doomtowndn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtowndn.pcx: 65591 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/chicken/Glass.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/chicken/glass.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/chicken/Glass.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/chicken/glass.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/chicken/Glass.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/chicken/wooden03.wav: 115244 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/chicken/subway.wav: 24698 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/chicken/elevatording.wav: 68772 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/chicken/felevdoor.wav: 31174 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/chicken/dock.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/chicken/dock.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/chicken/dock.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/switches/butn2.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/tt33/fire.wav: 66072 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/tt33/reload.wav: 7044 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/tt33/unload.wav: 6724 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/m9130/fire.wav: 57008 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/m9130/lastround.wav: 57020 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/m9130/reload.wav: 37386 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/m9130/unload.wav: 40086 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/ppsh41/fire.wav: 91684 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/ppsh41/reload.wav: 11514 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/ppsh41/unload.wav: 6356 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/pps43/fire.wav: 89384 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/pps43/reload.wav: 7902 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/pps43/unload.wav: 16772 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/dpm/fire.wav: 12356 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/dpm/reload.wav: 6724 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/dpm/unload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/panzer/fire.wav: 92082 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/panzer/reload.wav: 16410 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/panzer/rockfly.wav: 36042 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/m9130s/fire.wav: 48150 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/m9130s/lastround.wav: 48150 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/m9130s/reload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/m9130s/unload.wav: 9200 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/victory.wav: 104918 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/nambu/fire.wav: 46810 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/nambu/reload.wav: 12470 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/nambu/unload.wav: 13842 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/arisaka/fire.wav: 69996 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/arisaka/lastround.wav: 69996 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/arisaka/reload.wav: 24904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/arisaka/unload.wav: 28140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/type_100/fire.wav: 42882 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/type_100/reload.wav: 27784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/type_100/unload.wav: 14486 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/type_99/fire.wav: 80714 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/type_99/reload.wav: 46380 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/type_99/unload.wav: 24330 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/arisakas/fire.wav: 63646 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/arisakas/lastround.wav: 63646 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/arisakas/reload.wav: 24904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/arisakas/unload.wav: 28140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/victory.wav: 618990 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/chicken/barmusic.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/chicken/barmusic.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/chicken/barmusic.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/newsintown.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/newsintown.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/newsintown.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.pcx: 1406 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/teams/jpn.pcx: 1969 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/newsintown.cfg: 35 bytes
Execing cfg/newsintown.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/newsintown.txt: 0 bytes
