open_file_read: players/grm/class_special_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/players/grm/class_special_i.pcx: 1940 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak1.pak/sound/grm/shout/attack1.wav: 15148 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak1.pak/sound/grm/shout/move1.wav: 18860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak1.pak/sound/grm/shout/attack2.wav: 18220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/omaha.cfg: 30 bytes
Execing cfg/omaha.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/omaha.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/omaha.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/oblivion.bsp: 3410896 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: oblivion
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/oblivion.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/oblivion.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/oblivion.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for oblivion.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/oblivion.pcx...done.
func_train without a target at (3113 835 -349)
mdlskin is not a field
mdl is not a field
mdlskin is not a field
mdl is not a field
mdlskin is not a field
mdl is not a field
mdlskin is not a field
mdl is not a field
func_wall START_ON without TOGGLE
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: oblivion
oblivion.cmp Loaded
-------------------------------------
       : AI: Nodes Initialized.
       : loaded nodes:85.
       : added nodes:10.
       : total nodes:95.
       : loaded links:189.
       : added links:5.
       : added jump links:0.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
PowaBanga connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Beautiful-Oblivion-----Sprsnprchkn
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_cp_v32.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_cp_v32.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_cp_v32.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_cp_v32.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_cp_v32.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_cp_v32.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_cp_v32.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_cp_v32.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_cp_v32.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_cp_v32.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_sr_m7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_sr_m7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/s_sr_m7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_sr_m7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_sr_m7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/s_sr_m7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_sr_m7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_sr_m7.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/s_sr_m7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_sr_m7.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_pv_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_pv_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_pv_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_pv_v2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_mf_v12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_mf_v12.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_mf_v12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_mf_v12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_mf_v12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_mf_v12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_mf_v12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_mf_v12.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_mf_v12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_mf_v12.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/ground_st.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/ground_st.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/terrain/ground_st.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/ground_st.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/ground_st.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/terrain/ground_st.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/ground_st.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/ground_st.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/terrain/ground_st.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/ground_st.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_rc_c01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_rc_c01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/s_rc_c01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_rc_c01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_rc_c01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/s_rc_c01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_rc_c01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_rc_c01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/s_rc_c01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_rc_c01.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_rc_v13b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_rc_v13b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_rc_v13b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_rc_v13b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_rc_v13b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_rc_v13b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_rc_v13b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_rc_v13b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_rc_v13b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_rc_v13b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_hl_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_hl_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_hl_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_hl_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_hl_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_hl_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_hl_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_hl_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_hl_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_hl_v2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_cp_v9b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_cp_v9b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_cp_v9b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_cp_v9b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_cp_v9b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_cp_v9b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_cp_v9b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_cp_v9b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_cp_v9b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_cp_v9b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_mf_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_mf_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_mf_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_mf_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_mf_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_mf_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_mf_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_mf_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_mf_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_mf_v1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_m6f.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_m6f.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_m6f.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_m6f.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_m6f.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_m6f.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_m6f.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_m6f.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_m6f.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_m6f.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_v30.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_v30.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/common/li_sr_v30.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_v30.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_v30.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/common/li_sr_v30.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_v30.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_v30.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/common/li_sr_v30.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_v30.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_mf_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_mf_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_mf_v2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_mf_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_mf_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_mf_v2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_mf_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_mf_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_mf_v2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_mf_v2b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v1n.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v1n.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v1n.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v1n.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v1n.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v1n.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v1n.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v1n.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_ct_v1n.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_ct_v1n.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_cp_v5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_cp_v5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_cp_v5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_cp_v5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_cp_v5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_cp_v5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_cp_v5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_cp_v5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_cp_v5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_cp_v5.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_cp_v41nb.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_cp_v41nb.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_cp_v41nb.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_cp_v41nb.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_cp_v41nb.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_cp_v41nb.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_cp_v41nb.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_cp_v41nb.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_cp_v41nb.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_cp_v41nb.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/dr_st_m1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/dr_st_m1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/floors/dr_st_m1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/dr_st_m1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/dr_st_m1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/floors/dr_st_m1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/dr_st_m1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/dr_st_m1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/floors/dr_st_m1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/dr_st_m1b.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m3s.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m3s.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m3s.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m3s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m3s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m3s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m3s.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m3s.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m3s.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m3s.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/rf_sr_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/rf_sr_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/floors/rf_sr_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/rf_sr_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/rf_sr_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/floors/rf_sr_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/rf_sr_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/rf_sr_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/floors/rf_sr_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/rf_sr_m1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/fl_cp_v9.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/fl_cp_v9.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/floors/fl_cp_v9.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/fl_cp_v9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/fl_cp_v9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/floors/fl_cp_v9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/fl_cp_v9.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/fl_cp_v9.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/floors/fl_cp_v9.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/fl_cp_v9.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_20z.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_20z.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_sr_20z.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_20z.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_20z.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_sr_20z.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_20z.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_20z.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_sr_20z.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_20z.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_v23a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_v23a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_sr_v23a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_v23a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_v23a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_sr_v23a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_v23a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_v23a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_sr_v23a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_v23a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/w_sr_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/w_sr_v2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/fl_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/fl_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/floors/fl_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/fl_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/fl_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/floors/fl_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/fl_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/fl_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/floors/fl_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/fl_sr_v1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m4.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_c27.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_c27.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_sr_c27.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_c27.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_c27.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_sr_c27.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_c27.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_c27.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_sr_c27.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_c27.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_c02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_c02.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_sr_c02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_c02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_c02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_sr_c02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_c02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_c02.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_sr_c02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_c02.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/dr_st_c03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/dr_st_c03.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/floors/dr_st_c03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/dr_st_c03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/dr_st_c03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/floors/dr_st_c03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/dr_st_c03.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/dr_st_c03.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/floors/dr_st_c03.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/dr_st_c03.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/br_rc_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/br_rc_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/br_rc_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/br_rc_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/br_rc_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/br_rc_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/br_rc_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/br_rc_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/br_rc_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/br_rc_v1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m4a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m4a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m4a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m4a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m4a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m4a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m4a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m4a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m4a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m4a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_mf_v4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_mf_v4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_mf_v4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_mf_v4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_mf_v4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_mf_v4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_mf_v4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_mf_v4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_mf_v4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_mf_v4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/fl_rc_v4a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/fl_rc_v4a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/floors/fl_rc_v4a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/fl_rc_v4a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/fl_rc_v4a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/floors/fl_rc_v4a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/fl_rc_v4a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/fl_rc_v4a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/floors/fl_rc_v4a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/fl_rc_v4a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_v28d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_v28d.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_sr_v28d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_v28d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_v28d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_sr_v28d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_v28d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_v28d.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_sr_v28d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_v28d.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_v20b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_v20b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_sr_v20b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_v20b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_v20b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_sr_v20b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_v20b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_v20b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_sr_v20b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_v20b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_cp_v4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_cp_v4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_cp_v4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_cp_v4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_cp_v4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_cp_v4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_cp_v4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_cp_v4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_cp_v4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_cp_v4.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_rc_c09.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_rc_c09.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/s_rc_c09.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_rc_c09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_rc_c09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/s_rc_c09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_rc_c09.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_rc_c09.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/s_rc_c09.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_rc_c09.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_hl_c10ma.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_hl_c10ma.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_hl_c10ma.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_hl_c10ma.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_hl_c10ma.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_hl_c10ma.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_hl_c10ma.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_hl_c10ma.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_hl_c10ma.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_hl_c10ma.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_y_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_y_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_y_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_y_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_y_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_y_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_y_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_y_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_p_y_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_p_y_m1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_sr_m4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_sr_m4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/s_sr_m4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_sr_m4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_sr_m4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/s_sr_m4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_sr_m4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_sr_m4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/s_sr_m4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_sr_m4.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_v30e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_v30e.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_sr_v30e.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_v30e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_v30e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_sr_v30e.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_v30e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_v30e.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_sr_v30e.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_v30e.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/c_mf_v3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/c_mf_v3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/c_mf_v3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/c_mf_v3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/c_mf_v3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/c_mf_v3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/c_mf_v3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/c_mf_v3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/c_mf_v3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/c_mf_v3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_c26.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_c26.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_sr_c26.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_c26.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_c26.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_sr_c26.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_c26.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_c26.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_sr_c26.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_c26.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/build2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/build2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/build2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/build2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/build3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/build3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/build3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/build3.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/COLHOUS2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colhous2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/COLHOUS2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colhous2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/COLHOUS2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/COLHOUS2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colhous2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/COLHOUS2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colhous2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/COLHOUS2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/COLHOUS2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colhous2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/COLHOUS2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colhous2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/COLHOUS2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/colhous2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/build1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/build1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/build1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/build1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/build1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bldng4.wal: 49060 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brickb5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brickb5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brickb5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brickb5.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/bl_rc_c11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/bl_rc_c11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/bl_rc_c11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/bl_rc_c11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/bl_rc_c11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/bl_rc_c11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/bl_rc_c11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/bl_rc_c11.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/bl_rc_c11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/bl_rc_c11.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/bl_rc_c14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/bl_rc_c14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/bl_rc_c14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/bl_rc_c14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/bl_rc_c14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/bl_rc_c14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/bl_rc_c14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/bl_rc_c14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/bl_rc_c14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/bl_rc_c14.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/dr_sr_v1y.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/dr_sr_v1y.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/floors/dr_sr_v1y.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/dr_sr_v1y.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/dr_sr_v1y.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/floors/dr_sr_v1y.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/dr_sr_v1y.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/dr_sr_v1y.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/floors/dr_sr_v1y.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/floors/dr_sr_v1y.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/bl_rc_c13.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/bl_rc_c13.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/bl_rc_c13.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/bl_rc_c13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/bl_rc_c13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/bl_rc_c13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/bl_rc_c13.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/bl_rc_c13.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/bl_rc_c13.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/bl_rc_c13.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m12.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m12.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m12.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_c_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_c_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_c_m6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_c_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_c_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_c_m6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_c_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_c_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_c_m6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_c_m6.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/water_hl_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/water_hl_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/common/water_hl_v2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/water_hl_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/water_hl_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/common/water_hl_v2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/water_hl_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/water_hl_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/common/water_hl_v2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/water_hl_v2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/water3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/water3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/common/water3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/water3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/water3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/common/water3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/water3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/water3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/common/water3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/water3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_hl_c21.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_hl_c21.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_hl_c21.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_hl_c21.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_hl_c21.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_hl_c21.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_hl_c21.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_hl_c21.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/m_hl_c21.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_hl_c21.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_mv1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_mv1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_sr_mv1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_mv1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_mv1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_sr_mv1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_mv1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_mv1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/b_sr_mv1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/b_sr_mv1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_sr_m12d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_sr_m12d.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/s_sr_m12d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_sr_m12d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_sr_m12d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/s_sr_m12d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_sr_m12d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_sr_m12d.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks/s_sr_m12d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_sr_m12d.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_c06.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_c06.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_c06.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_c06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_c06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_c06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_c06.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_c06.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_c06.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_c06.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sr_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sr_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sr_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_v1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/sand2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/sand2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/sand2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/sand2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/sand2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/sand2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/sand2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/sand2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/sand2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/sand2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/rc_rc_c4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/rc_rc_c4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/terrain/rc_rc_c4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/rc_rc_c4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/rc_rc_c4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/terrain/rc_rc_c4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/rc_rc_c4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/rc_rc_c4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/terrain/rc_rc_c4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/rc_rc_c4.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/box_sr_m8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scblack.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scblack.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/scblack.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scblack.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scblack.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/scblack.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scblack.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scblack.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/scblack.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/scblack.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/tire_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/tire_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props2/tire_v1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/tire_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/tire_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props2/tire_v1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/tire_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/tire_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props2/tire_v1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/tire_v1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sr_m11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sr_m11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m11.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sr_m11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m11.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/w_sr_va4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/w_sr_va4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/w_sr_va4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/w_sr_va4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/w_sr_va4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/w_sr_va4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/w_sr_va4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/w_sr_va4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/w_sr_va4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/w_sr_va4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/book_c02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/book_c02.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props2/book_c02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/book_c02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/book_c02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props2/book_c02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/book_c02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/book_c02.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props2/book_c02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/book_c02.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/office_c02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/office_c02.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props2/office_c02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/office_c02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/office_c02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props2/office_c02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/office_c02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/office_c02.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props2/office_c02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/office_c02.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/office_c03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/office_c03.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props2/office_c03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/office_c03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/office_c03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props2/office_c03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/office_c03.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/office_c03.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props2/office_c03.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/office_c03.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/mattress.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/mattress.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props2/mattress.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/mattress.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/mattress.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props2/mattress.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/mattress.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/mattress.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props2/mattress.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props2/mattress.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/chkn_icarus.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/chkn_icarus.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/chkn_icarus.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/chkn_icarus.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/chkn_icarus.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/chkn_icarus.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/chkn_icarus.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/chkn_icarus.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/chkn_icarus.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/chkn_icarus.wal: 54500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m26y.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m26y.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m26y.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m26y.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m26y.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m26y.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m26y.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m26y.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m26y.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m26y.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m14n.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m14n.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sr_m14n.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m14n.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m14n.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sr_m14n.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m14n.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m14n.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sr_m14n.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m14n.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_ma1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_ma1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/common/li_sr_ma1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_ma1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_ma1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/common/li_sr_ma1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_ma1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_ma1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/common/li_sr_ma1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/common/li_sr_ma1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/clip.png: 246 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/clip.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/si_rc_c13.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/si_rc_c13.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/si_rc_c13.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/si_rc_c13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/si_rc_c13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/si_rc_c13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/si_rc_c13.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/si_rc_c13.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/props/si_rc_c13.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/si_rc_c13.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner/tris.md2: 13428 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/banner/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/banner/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/banner/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner/skin.pcx: 48517 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/gibs/head/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/gibs/head/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/gibs/head/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2rt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/inland2rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/inland2rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2rt.tga: 163410 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2bk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/inland2bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/inland2bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2bk.tga: 189010 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2lf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/inland2lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/inland2lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2lf.tga: 204506 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2ft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/inland2ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/inland2ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2ft.tga: 167222 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2up.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/inland2up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/inland2up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2up.tga: 161458 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2dn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/inland2dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/inland2dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland2dn.tga: 96298 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/chicken/wooden03.wav: 115244 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/chicken/subway.wav: 24698 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/chicken/DoorOpen.wav: 31382 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/chicken/gunfire.wav: 49196 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/chicken/water.wav: 30056 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/chicken/bomb.wav: 99724 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/oblivion.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/oblivion.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/oblivion.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/oblivion.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/oblivion.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/oblivion.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/oblivion.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/oblivion.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/oblivion.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/oblivion.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/oblivion.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/oblivion.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/oblivion.pcx: 5334 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Blithe connected.
Franz connected.
Blithe joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_engineer.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_engineer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_engineer.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/class_engineer.pcx: 100214 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/weapon.md2: 15904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_engineer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_engineer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_engineer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer_i.pcx: 2165 bytes
Franz joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_medic.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_medic.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_medic.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_medic.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_medic.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_medic.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_medic.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_medic.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_medic.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/class_medic.pcx: 92238 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_medic_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_medic_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_medic_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_medic_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_medic_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_medic_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_medic_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_medic_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_medic_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/players/grm/class_medic_i.pcx: 1940 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak1.pak/sound/grm/shout/move2.wav: 20684 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak1.pak/sound/grm/shout/move1.wav: 18860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/oblivion.cfg: 28 bytes
Execing cfg/oblivion.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/oblivion.txt: 0 bytes
