open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/sandbagstop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/sandbagstop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/sandbagstop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/sandbagstop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/sandbagstop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/sandbagstop.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub11.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub11.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/headlighton.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/headlighton.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/headlighton.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/headlighton.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/headlighton.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/headlighton.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/headlighton.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/headlighton.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/headlighton.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/headlighton.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/headlt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/headlt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/headlt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/headlt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/headlt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/headlt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/headlt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/headlt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/headlt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/headlt.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub9.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub9.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub9.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub9.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub9.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub9.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub9.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tire.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tire.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tire.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_tire.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/rubble2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/rubble2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/rubble2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/rubble2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/rubble2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/rubble2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/rubble2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/rubble2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/rubble2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/rubble2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/ik_woodcase.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/ik_woodcase.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/ik_woodcase.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/ik_woodcase.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/ik_woodcase.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/ik_woodcase.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/ik_woodcase.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/ik_woodcase.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/ik_woodcase.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/ik_woodcase.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/origin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/origin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/origin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/origin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/origin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/origin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/origin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/origin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/origin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/origin.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/face1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/face1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/face1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/face1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/omaha/grey7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/omaha/grey7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/omaha/grey7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/omaha/grey7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/omaha/grey7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/omaha/grey7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/omaha/grey7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/omaha/grey7.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/omaha/grey7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/omaha/grey7.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/origin.png: 254 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/origin.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cratex1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cratex1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cratex1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cratex1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bldng14.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/iron3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/iron3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/iron3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/iron3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/iron3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/iron3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/iron3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/iron3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/iron3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/iron3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkdr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkdr.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkdr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkdr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkdr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkdr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkdr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkdr.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkdr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkdr.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkdr.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkdr.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkwn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkwn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkwn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkwn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkwn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkwn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkwn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkwn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkwn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkwn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkwn.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkwn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkdr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkdr.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkdr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkdr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkdr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkdr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkdr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkdr.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkdr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkdr.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkdr.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkdr.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkdr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkdr.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkdr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkdr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkdr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkdr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkdr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkdr.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkdr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkdr.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkdr.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkdr.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_vent_dest.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_vent_dest.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/console_vent_dest.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_vent_dest.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_vent_dest.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/console_vent_dest.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_vent_dest.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_vent_dest.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/console_vent_dest.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/console_vent_dest.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axgrat.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axgrat.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axgrat.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axgrat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axgrat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axgrat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axgrat.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axgrat.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axgrat.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axgrat.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axgrat.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axgrat.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/truck2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/truck2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/truck2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/truck2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/truck2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/truck2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/truck2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/truck2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/truck2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/truck2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/truck2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/truck2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/truck2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/truck2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/truck2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/truck2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/truck2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/truck2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/truck2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/truck2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/truck2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/truck2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/truck2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/truck2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/truck2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/truck2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/truck2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/truck2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/truck2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/truck2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/truck2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/truck2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/truck2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/truck2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/truck2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/truck2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/truck1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/truck1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/truck1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/truck1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/truck1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/truck1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/truck1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/truck1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/truck1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/truck1.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub4b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub4b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub4b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub4b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub4b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub4b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub4b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub4b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/kub4b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/kub4b.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile11.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile11.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/ceil1_21.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/ceil1_21.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/ceil1_21.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/ceil1_21.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/ceil1_21.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/ceil1_21.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/ceil1_21.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/ceil1_21.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/caen/ceil1_21.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/ceil1_21.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/oompa1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/oompa1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/oompa1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/oompa1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/oompa1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/oompa1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/oompa1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/oompa1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/oompa1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/oompa1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/oompa1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/oompa1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/oompa1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/oompa1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/oompa1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/oompa1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/oompa1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/oompa1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/oompa1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/oompa1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/oompa1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/oompa1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/oompa1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/oompa1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye_side.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/oompa/dance1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/oompa/dance1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/light2.md2: 11560 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/light2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/light2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/faf/light2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/light2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/light2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/faf/light2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/light2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/light2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/faf/light2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/light2.pcx: 2300 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/light.md2: 6556 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/light.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/light.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/faf/light.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/light.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/light.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/faf/light.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/light.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/light.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/faf/light.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/light.pcx: 2034 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/oompa.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/oompa.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/faf/oompa.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/tris.md2: 980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/debris1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/debris1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/debris1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/skin.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenrt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caenrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caenrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenrt.tga: 2294 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenbk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caenbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caenbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenbk.tga: 2250 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenlf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenlf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caenlf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caenlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenlf.tga: 2294 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caenft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caenft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenft.tga: 2250 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenup.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caenup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caenup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenup.tga: 2666 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caendn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caendn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caendn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caendn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caendn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caendn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caendn.tga: 2066 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/inland/wooddoor.wav: 16544 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/dooropen3.wav: 9892 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/button.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/button.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/faf/button.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/electro.wav: 59958 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/growl.wav: 9365 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/growl3.wav: 16690 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/flag.wav: 311668 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/huertgen/truckidle.wav: 46748 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/alarm.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/alarm.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/faf/alarm.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/night.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/night.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/faf/night.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/crickets3q.wav: 433196 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/frog.wav: 170346 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/water_medium.wav: 36782 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/undrwtr.wav: 218062 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/cherbourg/woodbreak.wav: 26484 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/oompa.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/oompa.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/faf/oompa.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/pn/dscrm1.wav: 547102 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/owl2.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/owl2.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/faf/owl2.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/oompth.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/oompth.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/faf/oompth.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/oompa.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/oompa.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/oompa.loc: No such file or directory
unnamed is now an Observer.
Type "Observer" to leave observer mode.
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/oompa.cfg: 27 bytes
Execing cfg/oompa.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/oompa.txt: 0 bytes
