open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/water8.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/brick1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/brick1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/brick1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/brick1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/brick1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/brick1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/brick1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/brick1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/brick1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/brick1_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/brick1_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/brick1_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/brick1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/brick1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/brick1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/brick1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/brick1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/brick1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/brick1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/brick1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/brick1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/brick1_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/brick1_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/brick1_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/brick1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/brick1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/brick1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/brick1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/brick1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/brick1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/brick1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/brick1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/brick1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/brick1_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/brick1_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/brick1_2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/trigger.png: 288 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/trigger.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/rope1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner/tris.md2: 13428 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/banner/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/banner/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/banner/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner/skin.pcx: 48517 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_rt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_rt.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_bk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_bk.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_lf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_lf.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_ft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_ft.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_up.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_up.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_dn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_dn.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/outskirts2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/outskirts2.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/outskirts2.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/outskirts2.cfg: 29 bytes
Execing cfg/outskirts2.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/outskirts2.txt: 0 bytes
