open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/underwaterx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/underwaterx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/underwaterx.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/underwaterx.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/underwaterx.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/underwaterx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/ocean.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/ocean.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/ocean.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/ocean.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/ocean.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/ocean.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/ocean.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/ocean.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/ocean.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/ocean.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/street1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/street1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/street1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/street1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/street1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/street1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/street1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/street1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/street1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/street1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brickb3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brickb3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brickb3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brickb3.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_bed.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_bed.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_bed.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_bed.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_bed.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_bed.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_bed.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_bed.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_bed.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_bed.wal: 10300 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tire.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tire.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tire.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_tire.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_rim.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_rim.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_rim.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_rim.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_rim.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_rim.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_rim.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_rim.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_rim.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_rim.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood14.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag4.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag2.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_b_b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_b_b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/red_b_b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_b_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_b_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/red_b_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_b_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_b_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/red_b_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/red_b_b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/twall_tile.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/twall_tile.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/twall_tile.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/twall_tile.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/twall_tile.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/twall_tile.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/twall_tile.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/twall_tile.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/twall_tile.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/twall_tile.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/red_b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/red_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/red_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/red_b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood17.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood17.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_wine2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_wine2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_wine2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_wine2.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkend.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkend.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkend.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_bkend.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_cement1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_cement1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_cement1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_cement1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_cement1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_cement1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_cement1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_cement1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_cement1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_cement1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/table.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/table.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/table.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/table.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/table.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/table.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/table.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/table.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/table.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/table.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/asphalt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/asphalt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/asphalt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/asphalt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/asphalt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/asphalt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/asphalt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/asphalt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/asphalt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/asphalt.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood4.jpg: 41308 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood4.wal: 7240 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_rock1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_rock1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_rock1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_rock1.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/wallpaperd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/wallpaperd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/wallpaperd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/mr_rock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/mr_rock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/mr_rock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wood1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wood1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/wood1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wood1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wood1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/wood1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wood1.tga: 294312 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wood1.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rtile.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rtile.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rtile.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rtile.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rtile.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rtile.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rtile.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rtile.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rtile.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rtile.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metal_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metal_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/metal_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metal_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metal_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/metal_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metal_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/metal_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/metal_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/metal_2.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_formica3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_formica3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_formica3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_formica3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tableside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tableside.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_tableside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tableside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tableside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_tableside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tableside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tableside.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_tableside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_tableside.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_tabletop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_tabletop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_tabletop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_tabletop.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_table.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_table.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_table.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_table.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_facade1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_facade1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/da_facade1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_facade1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_facade1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/da_facade1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_facade1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_facade1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/da_facade1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_facade1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/radioside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/radioside.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/radioside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/radioside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/radioside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/radioside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/radioside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/radioside.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/radioside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/radioside.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/radiofront.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/radiofront.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/radiofront.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/radiofront.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/radiofront.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/radiofront.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/radiofront.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/radiofront.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/radiofront.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/radiofront.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxsd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxsd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxsd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_boxsd.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxtop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxtop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxtop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxtop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_boxtop.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_box.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_box.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_box.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_box.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_box.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_box.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_box.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_box.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_box.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_box.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/light_bottom.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/light_bottom.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/light_bottom.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/light_bottom.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/light_bottom.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/light_bottom.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/light_bottom.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/light_bottom.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/light_bottom.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/light_bottom.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a3.tga: 197659 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/med_brick4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/med_brick4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/med_brick4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/med_brick4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/med_brick4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/med_brick4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/med_brick4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/med_brick4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/med_brick4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/med_brick4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/crete_btmold.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/crete_btmold.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/crete_btmold.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/crete_btmold.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/crete_btmold.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/crete_btmold.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/crete_btmold.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/crete_btmold.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/crete_btmold.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/crete_btmold.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/concrete.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/concrete.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/concrete.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/concrete.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_asphalt.png: 465603 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_asphalt.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ddbasc01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ddbasc01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/ddbasc01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ddbasc01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ddbasc01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/ddbasc01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ddbasc01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ddbasc01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/ddbasc01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/ddbasc01.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllroof.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllroof.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/vllroof.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllroof.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllroof.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/vllroof.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllroof.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllroof.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/vllroof.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/vllroof.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m7s.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m7s.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m7s.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m7s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m7s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m7s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m7s.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m7s.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m7s.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m7s.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m1a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m1a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m1a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m1a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m1a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m1a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m1a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m1a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sy_m1a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sy_m1a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sr_m3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sr_m3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sr_m3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m3b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/stucco1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/stucco1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/stucco1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/stucco1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_side_1.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/door1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/door1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/door1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/door1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/door1.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_door2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_door2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_door2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/window3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/window3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/window3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/window3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/window3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex2.png: 380198 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cratex2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cratex1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cratex1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cratex1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cratex1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/shutter.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/shutter.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/shutter.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/shutter.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/shutter.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/shutter.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/shutter.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/shutter.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/shutter.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/shutter.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_webley/tris.md2: 21560 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_webley/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_webley/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/v_webley/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_webley/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_webley/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/v_webley/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_webley/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_webley/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/v_webley/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_webley/skin.pcx: 19521 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_webley/tris.md2: 296604 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_303/tris.md2: 12748 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_303.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_303.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/gbr/w_303.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_303.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_303.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/gbr/w_303.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_303.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_303.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/gbr/w_303.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_303.pcx: 68241 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_303/tris2.md2: 382360 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_303/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_303/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/v_303/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_303/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_303/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/v_303/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_303/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_303/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/v_303/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_303/skin.pcx: 89672 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_sten/tris.md2: 14216 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_sten/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_sten/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/g_sten/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_sten/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_sten/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/g_sten/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_sten/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_sten/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/g_sten/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_sten/skin.pcx: 42369 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_sten/tris.md2: 289504 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_sten/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_sten/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/v_sten/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_sten/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_sten/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/v_sten/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_sten/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_sten/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/v_sten/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_sten/skin.pcx: 30447 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_bren/tris.md2: 8132 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_bren.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_bren.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/gbr/w_bren.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_bren.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_bren.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/gbr/w_bren.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_bren.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_bren.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/gbr/w_bren.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_bren.pcx: 101978 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_bren/tris.md2: 227708 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_bren/arms.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_bren/arms.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/v_bren/arms.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_bren/arms.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_bren/arms.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/v_bren/arms.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_bren/arms.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_bren/arms.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/v_bren/arms.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_bren/arms.pcx: 156215 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_vickers/tris.md2: 28544 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_vickers.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_vickers.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/gbr/w_vickers.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_vickers.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_vickers.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/gbr/w_vickers.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_vickers.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_vickers.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/gbr/w_vickers.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_vickers.pcx: 36044 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_vickers/tris.md2: 601728 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_vickers/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_vickers/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/v_vickers/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_vickers/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_vickers/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/v_vickers/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_vickers/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_vickers/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/v_vickers/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_vickers/skin.pcx: 28544 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/models/weapons/gbr/g_piat/tris.md2: 11344 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_piat/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_piat/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/g_piat/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_piat/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_piat/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/g_piat/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_piat/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_piat/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/g_piat/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/models/weapons/gbr/g_piat/skin.pcx: 38650 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_piat/tris.md2: 202388 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_piat/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_piat/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/v_piat/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_piat/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_piat/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/v_piat/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_piat/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_piat/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/v_piat/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_piat/skin.pcx: 35186 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_303s/tris.md2: 23456 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_303s/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_303s/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/g_303s/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_303s/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_303s/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/g_303s/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_303s/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_303s/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/g_303s/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_303s/skin.pcx: 57848 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_303s/tris.md2: 475600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_303s/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_303s/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/v_303s/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_303s/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_303s/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/v_303s/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_303s/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_303s/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/v_303s/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_303s/skin.pcx: 86826 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_grenade/tris.md2: 29708 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_grenade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_grenade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/g_grenade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_grenade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_grenade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/g_grenade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_grenade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_grenade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/g_grenade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/g_grenade/skin.pcx: 39763 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_grenade/tris.md2: 105264 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_grenade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_grenade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/v_grenade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_grenade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_grenade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/v_grenade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_grenade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_grenade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/gbr/v_grenade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/gbr/v_grenade/skin.pcx: 68518 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/webbullets/tris.md2: 6732 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/303mag/tris.md2: 3768 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/stenmag/tris.md2: 2540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/brenmag/tris.md2: 2064 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/brenmag/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/brenmag/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/ammo/gbr/brenmag/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/brenmag/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/brenmag/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/ammo/gbr/brenmag/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/brenmag/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/brenmag/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/ammo/gbr/brenmag/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/brenmag/skin.pcx: 7593 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/vickdrum/tris.md2: 11092 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/piatrocks/tris.md2: 4344 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/gbr/303smag/tris.md2: 3768 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/tris.md2: 1092108 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_webley.md2: 449528 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_303.md2: 247724 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_sten.md2: 224800 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_sten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_sten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/gbr/w_sten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_sten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_sten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/gbr/w_sten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_sten.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_sten.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/gbr/w_sten.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_sten.pcx: 42178 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_bren.md2: 192860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_vickers.md2: 665072 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_piat.md2: 759308 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_303s.md2: 525964 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_303s.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_303s.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/gbr/w_303s.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_303s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_303s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/gbr/w_303s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_303s.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_303s.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/gbr/w_303s.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_303s.pcx: 57776 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/a_mills_bomb.md2: 261740 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/gbr/w_flame.md2: 248260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_flame.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_flame.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/gbr/w_flame.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_flame.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_flame.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/gbr/w_flame.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_flame.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_flame.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/gbr/w_flame.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/gbr/w_flame.pcx: 22675 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/gbrplane/tris.md2: 20288 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/gbrplane/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/gbrplane/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ships/gbrplane/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/gbrplane/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/gbrplane/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ships/gbrplane/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/gbrplane/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/gbrplane/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ships/gbrplane/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/gbrplane/skin.pcx: 13330 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/ships/viper/tris.md2: 9752 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/viper/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/viper/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ships/viper/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/viper/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/viper/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ships/viper/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/viper/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/viper/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ships/viper/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/ships/viper/skin.pcx: 44076 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner1/tris.md2: 13700 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/banner1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/banner1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/banner1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner1/skin.pcx: 49358 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_303.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_303.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_303.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_303.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_303.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_303.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_303.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_303.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_303.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_303.pcx: 1711 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_sten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_sten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_sten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_sten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_sten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_sten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_sten.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_sten.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_sten.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_sten.pcx: 1736 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_vickers.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_vickers.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_vickers.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_vickers.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_vickers.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_vickers.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_vickers.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_vickers.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_vickers.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_vickers.pcx: 1324 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_303s.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_303s.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_303s.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_303s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_303s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_303s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_303s.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_303s.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_303s.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_303s.pcx: 1751 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_sten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_sten.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_sten.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_sten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_sten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_sten.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_sten.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_sten.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_sten.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_sten.pcx: 1322 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_vickers.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_vickers.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_vickers.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_vickers.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_vickers.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_vickers.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_vickers.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_vickers.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_vickers.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_vickers.pcx: 1201 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_303s.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_303s.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_303s.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_303s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_303s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_303s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_303s.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_303s.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_303s.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_303s.pcx: 1362 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_gbr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_gbr.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/scope_gbr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_gbr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_gbr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/scope_gbr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_gbr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_gbr.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/scope_gbr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/scope_gbr.pcx: 5871 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_gbr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_gbr.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/victory_gbr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_gbr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_gbr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/victory_gbr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_gbr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_gbr.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/victory_gbr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_gbr.pcx: 4449 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srrt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srrt.tga: 107010 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srbk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srbk.tga: 118770 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srlf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srlf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srlf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srlf.tga: 117266 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srft.tga: 116058 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srup.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srup.tga: 228498 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srdn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srdn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srdn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srdn.tga: 2066 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/webley/fire.wav: 49288 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/webley/reload.wav: 54874 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/webley/unload.wav: 47180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/303/fire.wav: 57292 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/303/lastround.wav: 51500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/303/reload.wav: 64112 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/303/unload.wav: 16488 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/bayonet/hit.wav: 3352 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/bayonet/stab.wav: 14332 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/bayonet/swipe.wav: 9588 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/sten/fire.wav: 68510 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/sten/reload.wav: 29414 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/sten/unload.wav: 9596 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/sten/jam.wav: 17236 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/bren/fire.wav: 22747 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/bren/reload.wav: 26479 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/bren/unload.wav: 14092 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/vickers/fire.wav: 29158 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/vickers/reload.wav: 36350 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/vickers/unload.wav: 27318 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/vickers/bolt.wav: 10188 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/piat/fire.wav: 39596 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/piat/reload.wav: 8596 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/piat/rockfly.wav: 15996 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/303s/fire.wav: 84234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/303s/lastround.wav: 84234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/303s/reload.wav: 64112 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/303s/unload.wav: 16488 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/gbr/victory.wav: 471212 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/beach/metalcreak.wav: 97836 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday3/openlock.wav: 40364 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday2/locked.wav: 9880 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday3/truck.wav: 102202 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/brkglas.wav: 73058 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/playa.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/playa.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/playa.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/teams/gbr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/teams/gbr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/teams/gbr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/gbr.pcx: 1613 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/playa.cfg: 29 bytes
Execing cfg/playa.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/playa.txt: 0 bytes
