open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/art/painting02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/art/painting02.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/art/painting02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/art/painting02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/art/painting02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/art/painting02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/art/painting02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/art/painting02.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/art/painting02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/art/painting02.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/art/painting02.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/art/painting02.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/art/painting16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/art/painting16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/art/painting16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/art/painting16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/art/painting16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/art/painting16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/art/painting16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/art/painting16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/art/painting16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/art/painting16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/art/painting16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/art/painting16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/fdprp07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/fdprp07.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/fdprp07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/fdprp07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/fdprp07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/fdprp07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/fdprp07.tga: 48084 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/fdprp07.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/fdprp01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/fdprp01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/fdprp01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/fdprp01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/fdprp01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/fdprp01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/fdprp01.tga: 46153 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/fdprp01.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/province_b2bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/province_b2bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/province_b2bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/province_b2bh.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/province_b2bh.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/province_b2bh.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/province_b2bh.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/province_b2bh.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/province_b2bh.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/province_b2bh.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/province_b2bh.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/province_b2bh.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/province_b2bh.pcx: 116200 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
G.I. Joe connected.
Niels connected.
G.I. Joe joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_special.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_special.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_special.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_special.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_special.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_special.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_special.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_special.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_special.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/class_special.pcx: 104115 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/weapon.md2: 15904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_special_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_special_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_special_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_special_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_special_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_special_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_special_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_special_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_special_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_special_i.pcx: 2165 bytes
Niels joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_lmg.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_lmg.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_lmg.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_lmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_lmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_lmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_lmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_lmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_lmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/class_lmg.pcx: 82100 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_lmg_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_lmg_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_lmg_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_lmg_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_lmg_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_lmg_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_lmg_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_lmg_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_lmg_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/players/grm/class_lmg_i.pcx: 1940 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/province_b2bh.cfg: 33 bytes
Execing cfg/province_b2bh.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/province_b2bh.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/province_b2bh.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/province_b1.bsp: 1896604 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: province_b1
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/province_b1.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/province_b1.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/province_b1.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for province_b1.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/province_b1.pcx...error.
next_map is not a field
next_map is not a field
next_map is not a field
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: province_b1
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
PowaBanga connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Somewhere in France 
by h2
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k2_wood1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k2_wood1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k2_wood1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k2_wood1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k2_wood1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k2_wood1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k2_wood1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k2_wood1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k2_wood1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k2_wood1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/kl_acroof1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/kl_acroof1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/kl_acroof1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/kl_acroof1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/kl_acroof1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/kl_acroof1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/kl_acroof1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/kl_acroof1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/kl_acroof1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/kl_acroof1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_wood8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_wood8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k_wood8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_wood8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_wood8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k_wood8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_wood8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_wood8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k_wood8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_wood8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/wallstone5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/wallstone5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/wallstone5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/wallstone5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/wallstone5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/wallstone5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/wallstone5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/wallstone5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/wallstone5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/wallstone5.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/mas_door3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/mas_door3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/mas_door3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/mas_door3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/mas_door3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/mas_door3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/mas_door3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/mas_door3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/mas_door3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/mas_door3.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/cxbrickfbrkn_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/cxbrickfbrkn_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/cxbrickfbrkn_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/cxbrickfbrkn_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/cxbrickfbrkn_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/cxbrickfbrkn_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/cxbrickfbrkn_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/cxbrickfbrkn_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/cxbrickfbrkn_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/cxbrickfbrkn_2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_wall331.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_wall331.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k_wall331.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_wall331.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_wall331.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k_wall331.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_wall331.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_wall331.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k_wall331.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_wall331.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02d.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02d.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02d.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02a.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02c.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodtudor02b.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/tel_roof-01~01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/tel_roof-01~01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/tel_roof-01~01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/tel_roof-01~01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/tel_roof-01~01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/tel_roof-01~01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/tel_roof-01~01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/tel_roof-01~01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/tel_roof-01~01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/tel_roof-01~01.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_brick9b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_brick9b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k_brick9b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_brick9b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_brick9b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k_brick9b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_brick9b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_brick9b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k_brick9b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_brick9b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_door11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_door11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k_door11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_door11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_door11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k_door11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_door11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_door11.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k_door11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_door11.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_cement5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_cement5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k_cement5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_cement5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_cement5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k_cement5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_cement5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_cement5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k_cement5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_cement5.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/ir_mightywall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/ir_mightywall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/ir_mightywall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/ir_mightywall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/ir_mightywall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/ir_mightywall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/ir_mightywall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/ir_mightywall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/ir_mightywall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/ir_mightywall1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k2x_wood~01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k2x_wood~01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k2x_wood~01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k2x_wood~01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k2x_wood~01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k2x_wood~01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k2x_wood~01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k2x_wood~01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k2x_wood~01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k2x_wood~01.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/ir_nroofz2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/ir_nroofz2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/ir_nroofz2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/ir_nroofz2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/ir_nroofz2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/ir_nroofz2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/ir_nroofz2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/ir_nroofz2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/ir_nroofz2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/ir_nroofz2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k2_fence1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k2_fence1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k2_fence1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k2_fence1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k2_fence1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k2_fence1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k2_fence1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k2_fence1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k2_fence1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k2_fence1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_stone1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_stone1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k_stone1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_stone1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_stone1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k_stone1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_stone1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_stone1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k_stone1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_stone1b.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/flash2_ground1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/flash2_ground1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/flash2_ground1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/flash2_ground1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/flash2_ground1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/flash2_ground1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/flash2_ground1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/flash2_ground1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/flash2_ground1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/flash2_ground1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/flash2_road.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/flash2_road.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/flash2_road.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/flash2_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/flash2_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/flash2_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/flash2_road.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/flash2_road.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/flash2_road.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/flash2_road.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/ir_mightywall2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/ir_mightywall2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/ir_mightywall2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/ir_mightywall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/ir_mightywall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/ir_mightywall2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/ir_mightywall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/ir_mightywall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/ir_mightywall2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/ir_mightywall2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/flash2_ground3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/flash2_ground3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/flash2_ground3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/flash2_ground3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/flash2_ground3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/flash2_ground3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/flash2_ground3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/flash2_ground3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/flash2_ground3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/flash2_ground3.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04a.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall03k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall03k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall03k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall03k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall03k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall03k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall03k.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall03k.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall03k.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall03k.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/fd_tk_clayroof.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/fd_tk_clayroof.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/fd_tk_clayroof.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/fd_tk_clayroof.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/fd_tk_clayroof.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/fd_tk_clayroof.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/fd_tk_clayroof.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/fd_tk_clayroof.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/fd_tk_clayroof.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/fd_tk_clayroof.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/x_wall4a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/x_wall4a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/x_wall4a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/x_wall4a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/x_wall4a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/x_wall4a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/x_wall4a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/x_wall4a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/x_wall4a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/x_wall4a.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/~kl_idwin1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/~kl_idwin1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/~kl_idwin1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/~kl_idwin1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/~kl_idwin1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/~kl_idwin1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/~kl_idwin1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/~kl_idwin1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/~kl_idwin1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/~kl_idwin1.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall03n.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall03n.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall03n.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall03n.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall03n.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall03n.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall03n.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall03n.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall03n.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall03n.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall03d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall03d.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall03d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall03d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall03d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall03d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall03d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall03d.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall03d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall03d.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/bido_wall19.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/bido_wall19.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/bido_wall19.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/bido_wall19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/bido_wall19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/bido_wall19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/bido_wall19.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/bido_wall19.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/bido_wall19.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/bido_wall19.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04b.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pi_outwall3t.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pi_outwall3t.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pi_outwall3t.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pi_outwall3t.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pi_outwall3t.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pi_outwall3t.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pi_outwall3t.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pi_outwall3t.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pi_outwall3t.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pi_outwall3t.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/flash2_bottom3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/flash2_bottom3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/flash2_bottom3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/flash2_bottom3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/flash2_bottom3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/flash2_bottom3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/flash2_bottom3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/flash2_bottom3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/flash2_bottom3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/flash2_bottom3.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06a.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pi_outwall3tb.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pi_outwall3tb.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pi_outwall3tb.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pi_outwall3tb.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pi_outwall3tb.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pi_outwall3tb.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pi_outwall3tb.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pi_outwall3tb.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pi_outwall3tb.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pi_outwall3tb.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/avaceil2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/avaceil2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/avaceil2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/avaceil2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/avaceil2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/avaceil2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/avaceil2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/avaceil2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/avaceil2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/avaceil2.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_wall35b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_wall35b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k_wall35b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_wall35b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_wall35b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k_wall35b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_wall35b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_wall35b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k_wall35b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_wall35b.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_wall131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_wall131.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k_wall131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_wall131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_wall131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k_wall131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_wall131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_wall131.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k_wall131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_wall131.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/m_floor1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/m_floor1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/m_floor1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/m_floor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/m_floor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/m_floor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/m_floor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/m_floor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/m_floor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/m_floor1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06_2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06_2b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06_2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06_2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06_2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06_2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06_2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06_2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06_2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06_2b.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_window6~01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_window6~01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k_window6~01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_window6~01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_window6~01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k_window6~01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_window6~01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_window6~01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/k_window6~01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_window6~01.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/m_zwindows1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/m_zwindows1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/m_zwindows1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/m_zwindows1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/m_zwindows1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/m_zwindows1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/m_zwindows1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/m_zwindows1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/m_zwindows1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/m_zwindows1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/m_window2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/m_window2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/m_window2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/m_window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/m_window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/m_window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/m_window2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/m_window2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/m_window2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/m_window2.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/x_poster2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/x_poster2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/x_poster2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/x_poster2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/x_poster2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/x_poster2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/x_poster2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/x_poster2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/x_poster2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/x_poster2.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/x_poster6~01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/x_poster6~01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/x_poster6~01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/x_poster6~01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/x_poster6~01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/x_poster6~01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/x_poster6~01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/x_poster6~01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/x_poster6~01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/x_poster6~01.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/trigger.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/trigger.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/trigger.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/trigger.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/trigger.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/trigger.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/trigger.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/trigger.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/trigger.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/trigger.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/origin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/origin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/origin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/origin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/origin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/origin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/origin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/origin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/origin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/origin.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_strt.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_mid.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_end.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/province_b1.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/province_b1.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/province_b1.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/province_b1.cfg: 27 bytes
Execing cfg/province_b1.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/province_b1.txt: 0 bytes
