open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood22.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm03.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rockm03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rockm03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm03.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm03.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rockm03.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm03.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm03.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rockm03.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm03.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rockm03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rockm03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm03.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm03.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rockm03.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm03.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm03.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rockm03.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm03.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rockm03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rockm03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm03.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm03.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rockm03.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm03.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm03.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rockm03.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm03.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rockm03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rockm03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm03.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm03.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rockm03.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm03.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm03.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rockm03.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/leaves5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prinzessbar.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/art/painting02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/art/painting02.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/art/painting02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/art/painting02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/art/painting02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/art/painting02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/art/painting02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/art/painting02.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/art/painting02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/art/painting02.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/art/painting02.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/art/painting02.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/art/painting16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/art/painting16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/art/painting16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/art/painting16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/art/painting16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/art/painting16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/art/painting16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/art/painting16.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/art/painting16.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/art/painting16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/art/painting16.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/art/painting16.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/fdprp07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/fdprp07.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/fdprp07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/fdprp07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/fdprp07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/fdprp07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/fdprp07.tga: 48084 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/fdprp07.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/fdprp01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/fdprp01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/fdprp01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/fdprp01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/fdprp01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/fdprp01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/fdprp01.tga: 46153 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/fdprp01.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/sisal.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/da_dirt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/province_b2bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/province_b2bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/province_b2bh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/province_b2bh.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/province_b2bh.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/province_b2bh.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/province_b2bh.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/province_b2bh.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/province_b2bh.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/province_b2bh.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/province_b2bh.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/province_b2bh.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/province_b2bh.pcx: 116200 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Hack Bot 2 connected.
PolkaBOT connected.
PolkaBOT joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_engineer.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_engineer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_engineer.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/class_engineer.pcx: 95786 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_engineer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_engineer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_engineer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_engineer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/players/grm/class_engineer_i.pcx: 1940 bytes
Hack Bot 2 joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_hmg.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_hmg.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_hmg.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_hmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_hmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_hmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_hmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_hmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_hmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/class_hmg.pcx: 102235 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/weapon.md2: 15904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_hmg_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_hmg_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_hmg_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_hmg_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_hmg_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_hmg_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_hmg_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_hmg_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_hmg_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_hmg_i.pcx: 2165 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/weapons/grenl1b1.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/weapons/sshotr1b.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/province_b2bh.cfg: 33 bytes
Execing cfg/province_b2bh.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/province_b2bh.txt: 0 bytes
