open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/metal/metal47.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint67.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint67.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint67.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint67.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint67.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint67.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint67.tga: 256603 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint67.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/hedge02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/hedge02.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/hedge02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/hedge02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/hedge02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/hedge02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/hedge02.tga: 259428 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/hedge02.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cave/cave08.png: 129125 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cave/cave08.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins5k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins5k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins5k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins5k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins5k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins5k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins5k.tga: 114499 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins5k.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/hedge03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/hedge03.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/hedge03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/hedge03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/hedge03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/hedge/hedge03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/hedge03.tga: 262331 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/hedge03.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cave/cave16.png: 130188 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cave/cave16.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bushes/bush17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bushes/bush17.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bushes/bush17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bushes/bush17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bushes/bush17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bushes/bush17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bushes/bush17.tga: 262409 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bushes/bush17.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk69.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk69.tga: 65607 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk69.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk70.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk70.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk70.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk70.tga: 57461 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk70.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build135.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build135.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build135.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build135.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build135.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build135.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build135.tga: 260363 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build135.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk71.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk71.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk71.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk71.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk71.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk71.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk71.tga: 41037 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk71.wal: 13700 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris02.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/debris02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/debris02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris02.tga: 245722 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris02.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build165.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build165.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build165.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build165.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build165.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build165.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build165.tga: 256939 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build165.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint69.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint69.tga: 254578 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint69.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint68.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint68.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint68.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint68.tga: 255155 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint68.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/winlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/winlight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/winlight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/winlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/winlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/winlight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/winlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/winlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/winlight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/winlight.wal: 3160 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood63.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood63.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood63.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood63.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood63.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood63.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood63.tga: 248312 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood63.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build158.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build158.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build158.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build158.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build158.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build158.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build158.tga: 210008 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build158.wal: 70820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood73.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood73.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood73.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood73.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood73.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood73.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood73.tga: 249673 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood73.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris08.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris08.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/debris08.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/debris08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris08.tga: 61555 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris08.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood74.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood74.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood74.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood74.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood74.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood74.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood74.tga: 256448 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood74.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/desert/desert7c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/desert/desert7c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/desert/desert7c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/desert/desert7c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/desert/desert7c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/desert/desert7c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/desert/desert7c.tga: 213900 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/desert/desert7c.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris03.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/debris03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/debris03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris03.tga: 205298 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris03.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/TrainTop01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/traintop01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/TrainTop01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/traintop01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/csbdog/TrainTop01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/TrainTop01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/traintop01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/TrainTop01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/traintop01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/csbdog/TrainTop01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/TrainTop01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/traintop01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/TrainTop01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/traintop01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/csbdog/TrainTop01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/TrainTop01.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/TrainEnd01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/trainend01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/TrainEnd01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/trainend01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/csbdog/TrainEnd01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/TrainEnd01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/trainend01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/TrainEnd01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/trainend01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/csbdog/TrainEnd01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/TrainEnd01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/trainend01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/TrainEnd01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/trainend01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/csbdog/TrainEnd01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/TrainEnd01.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/TrainSide01-2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/trainside01-2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/TrainSide01-2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/trainside01-2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/csbdog/TrainSide01-2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/TrainSide01-2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/trainside01-2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/TrainSide01-2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/trainside01-2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/csbdog/TrainSide01-2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/TrainSide01-2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/trainside01-2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/TrainSide01-2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/trainside01-2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/csbdog/TrainSide01-2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/TrainSide01-2.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/WheelEnd02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/wheelend02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/WheelEnd02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/wheelend02.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/csbdog/WheelEnd02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/WheelEnd02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/wheelend02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/WheelEnd02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/wheelend02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/csbdog/WheelEnd02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/WheelEnd02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/wheelend02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/WheelEnd02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/wheelend02.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/csbdog/WheelEnd02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/WheelEnd02.wal: 18460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/WheelSide02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/wheelside02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/WheelSide02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/wheelside02.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/csbdog/WheelSide02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/WheelSide02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/wheelside02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/WheelSide02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/wheelside02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/csbdog/WheelSide02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/WheelSide02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/wheelside02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/WheelSide02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/wheelside02.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/csbdog/WheelSide02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/csbdog/WheelSide02.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build123.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build123.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build123.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build123.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build123.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build123.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build123.tga: 209885 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build123.wal: 70820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned09.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned09.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/burned/burned09.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/burned/burned09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned09.tga: 211871 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned09.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof09.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof09.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/roof09.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/roof09.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof09.tga: 260290 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof09.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk12.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk12.tga: 64416 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk12.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brick20.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brick20.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brick20.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brick20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brick20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brick20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brick20.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brick20.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brick20.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brick20.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile24.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile24.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/tiles/tile24.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile24.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile24.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/tiles/tile24.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile24.tga: 249151 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile24.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door88.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door88.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door88.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door88.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door88.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door88.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door88.tga: 256922 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door88.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/carpet/carpet02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/carpet/carpet02.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/carpet/carpet02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/carpet/carpet02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/carpet/carpet02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/carpet/carpet02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/carpet/carpet02.tga: 262473 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/carpet/carpet02.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/trigger.png: 288 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/trigger.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/tris.md2: 7168 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/skin.pcx: 9215 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/tris.md2: 126332 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/skin.pcx: 27836 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/tris.md2: 4916 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_m1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_m1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_m1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/skin.pcx: 34838 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/tris.md2: 197204 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_m1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_m1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_m1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/skin.pcx: 39611 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/tris.md2: 6216 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/skin.pcx: 37969 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/tris.md2: 112368 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/skin.pcx: 73665 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/tris.md2: 6868 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_bar/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_bar/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_bar/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/skin.pcx: 15460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/tris.md2: 133564 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_bar/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_bar/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_bar/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/skin.pcx: 25192 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bhmg/tris.md2: 4752 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_bhmg/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_bhmg/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_bhmg/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_bhmg/skin.jpg: 426612 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bhmg/skin.pcx: 18742 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/tris.md2: 171696 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/skin.pcx: 24678 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/tris.md2: 6540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/skin.pcx: 10987 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/tris.md2: 105704 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/skin.pcx: 23554 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/tris.md2: 16372 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/skin.pcx: 50990 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/tris.md2: 305860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/skin.pcx: 90762 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/tris.md2: 8184 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/skin.pcx: 46386 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/tris.md2: 196452 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/skin.pcx: 62929 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/items/ammo/lmg2/tris.md2: 728 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/lmg2/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/lmg2/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/ammo/lmg2/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/lmg2/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/lmg2/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/ammo/lmg2/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/lmg2/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/lmg2/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/ammo/lmg2/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/items/ammo/lmg2/skin.pcx: 2077 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/tris.md2: 1121488 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_colt45.md2: 181676 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_colt45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_colt45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_colt45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_colt45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_colt45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_colt45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_colt45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_colt45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_colt45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_colt45.pcx: 9624 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1.md2: 90004 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1.pcx: 16629 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_thompson.md2: 116976 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_thompson.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_thompson.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_thompson.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_thompson.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_thompson.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_thompson.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_thompson.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_thompson.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_thompson.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_thompson.pcx: 36975 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bar.md2: 128820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bar.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bar.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_bar.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bar.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bar.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_bar.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bar.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bar.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_bar.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bar.pcx: 15460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bhmg.md2: 102568 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bhmg.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bhmg.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_bhmg.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bhmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bhmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_bhmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bhmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bhmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_bhmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bhmg.pcx: 18742 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bazooka.md2: 147272 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bazooka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bazooka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_bazooka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bazooka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bazooka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_bazooka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bazooka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bazooka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_bazooka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bazooka.pcx: 10987 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1903.md2: 351776 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1903.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1903.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_m1903.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1903.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1903.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_m1903.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1903.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1903.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_m1903.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1903.pcx: 50990 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/a_grenade.md2: 56592 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/a_grenade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/a_grenade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/a_grenade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/a_grenade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/a_grenade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/a_grenade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/a_grenade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/a_grenade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/a_grenade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/a_grenade.pcx: 16364 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_flame.md2: 112536 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_flame.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_flame.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/w_flame.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_flame.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_flame.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/w_flame.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_flame.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_flame.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/w_flame.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_flame.pcx: 19125 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_morphine.md2: 120848 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_morphine.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_morphine.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_morphine.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_morphine.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_morphine.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_morphine.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_morphine.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_morphine.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_morphine.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_morphine.pcx: 7774 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_knife.md2: 99544 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_knife.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_knife.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_knife.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_knife.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_knife.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_knife.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_knife.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_knife.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_knife.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_knife.pcx: 10495 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_binoc.md2: 231408 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/tris.md2: 9752 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ships/usaplane/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ships/usaplane/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ships/usaplane/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/skin.pcx: 44076 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m1.pcx: 1874 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_thompson.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_thompson.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_thompson.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_thompson.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_thompson.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_thompson.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_thompson.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_thompson.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_thompson.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_thompson.pcx: 2003 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bar.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bar.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_bar.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bar.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bar.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_bar.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bar.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bar.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_bar.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bar.pcx: 1834 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bhmg.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bhmg.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_bhmg.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bhmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bhmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_bhmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bhmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bhmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_bhmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bhmg.pcx: 2012 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bazooka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bazooka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_bazooka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bazooka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bazooka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_bazooka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bazooka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bazooka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_bazooka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bazooka.pcx: 1757 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m1903.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m1903.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_m1903.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m1903.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m1903.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_m1903.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m1903.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m1903.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_m1903.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m1903.pcx: 1976 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_usa.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_usa.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/scope_usa.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_usa.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_usa.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/scope_usa.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_usa.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_usa.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/scope_usa.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/scope_usa.pcx: 4425 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_usa.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_usa.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/victory_usa.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_usa.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_usa.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/victory_usa.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_usa.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_usa.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/victory_usa.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/victory_usa.pcx: 5894 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakert.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakert.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/wakert.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakert.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakert.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/wakert.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakert.tga: 153562 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakebk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakebk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/wakebk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakebk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakebk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/wakebk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakebk.tga: 182904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakelf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakelf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/wakelf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakelf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakelf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/wakelf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakelf.tga: 161356 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakeft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakeft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/wakeft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakeft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakeft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/wakeft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakeft.tga: 87478 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakeup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakeup.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/wakeup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakeup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakeup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/wakeup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakeup.tga: 173153 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakedn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakedn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/wakedn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakedn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakedn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/wakedn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/wakedn.tga: 196520 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/fire.wav: 17454 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/reload.wav: 7044 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/unload.wav: 6724 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/fire.wav: 29600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/lastround.wav: 58612 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/reload.wav: 9776 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/unload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/fire.wav: 32032 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/reload.wav: 13484 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/unload.wav: 4822 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/fire.wav: 90498 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/reload.wav: 20378 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/unload.wav: 16492 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/fire.wav: 53996 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/reload.wav: 33436 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/unload.wav: 48514 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/fire.wav: 79350 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/reload.wav: 17436 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/rockfly.wav: 82186 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/fire.wav: 73440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/lastround.wav: 158024 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/reload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/unload.wav: 7644 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/victory.wav: 125886 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/June6/dog_growl.wav: 25044 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/cherbourg/woodbreak.wav: 26484 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/June6/peakwind.wav: 35536 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/llurk/thunder.wav: 484468 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/railbhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/railbhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/railbhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/railbhv2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/railbhv2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/railbhv2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/railbhv2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/railbhv2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/railbhv2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/railbhv2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/railbhv2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/railbhv2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/railbhv2.pcx: 116200 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Winters connected.
Adolf connected.
Adolf joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_sniper.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_sniper.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_sniper.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_sniper.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_sniper.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_sniper.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_sniper.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_sniper.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_sniper.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/class_sniper.pcx: 95071 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_sniper_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_sniper_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_sniper_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_sniper_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_sniper_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_sniper_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_sniper_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_sniper_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_sniper_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/players/grm/class_sniper_i.pcx: 1940 bytes
Winters joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_flamethrower.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_flamethrower.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_flamethrower.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_flamethrower.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_flamethrower.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_flamethrower.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_flamethrower.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_flamethrower.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_flamethrower.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/class_flamethrower.pcx: 93607 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/weapon.md2: 15904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_flamethrower_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_flamethrower_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_flamethrower_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_flamethrower_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_flamethrower_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_flamethrower_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_flamethrower_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_flamethrower_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_flamethrower_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_flamethrower_i.pcx: 2165 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/weapons/flamer/fireitup.wav: 93286 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/railbhv2.cfg: 28 bytes
Execing cfg/railbhv2.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/railbhv2.txt: 0 bytes
