open_file_read: textures/beach/dirttograss.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/dirttograss.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/dirttograss.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/dirttograss.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/dirttograss.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/dirttograss.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/dirttograss.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/dirttograss.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_tabletop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_tabletop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_tabletop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_tabletop.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_wine.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_wine.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_wine.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_wine.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_wine2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_wine2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_wine2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_wine2.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricks2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricks2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bricks2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricks2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricks2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bricks2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricks2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricks2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bricks2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bricks2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng11.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bldng11.wal: 54500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sidewlk1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sidewlk1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sidewlk1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sidewlk1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sidewlk1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sidewlk1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sidewlk1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sidewlk1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sidewlk1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sidewlk1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockgrass.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockgrass.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rockgrass.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockgrass.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockgrass.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rockgrass.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockgrass.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockgrass.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rockgrass.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rockgrass.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/asphalt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/asphalt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/asphalt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/asphalt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/asphalt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/asphalt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/asphalt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/asphalt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/asphalt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/asphalt.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/birck_wall.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/birck_wall.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/birck_wall.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/birck_wall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/birck_wall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/birck_wall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/birck_wall.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/birck_wall.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/birck_wall.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/birck_wall.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllcbbl3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllcbbl3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/vllcbbl3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllcbbl3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllcbbl3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/vllcbbl3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllcbbl3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllcbbl3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/vllcbbl3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/vllcbbl3.wal: 49060 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/twallgrey_tile.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/twallgrey_tile.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/twallgrey_tile.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/twallgrey_tile.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/twallgrey_tile.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/twallgrey_tile.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/twallgrey_tile.tga: 784209 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/twallgrey_tile.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllcbbl2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllcbbl2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/vllcbbl2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllcbbl2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllcbbl2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/vllcbbl2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllcbbl2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllcbbl2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/vllcbbl2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/vllcbbl2.wal: 13700 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindr2_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindr2_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cindr2_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindr2_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindr2_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cindr2_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindr2_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindr2_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cindr2_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cindr2_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brickb3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brickb3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brickb3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brickb3.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brickb2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brickb2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brickb2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brickb2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/mr_cementfloor1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/mr_cementfloor1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/mr_cementfloor1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/mr_cementfloor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/mr_cementfloor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/mr_cementfloor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/mr_cementfloor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/mr_cementfloor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/mr_cementfloor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/mr_cementfloor1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/colbldg5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/colbldg5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/colbldg5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/colbldg5.wal: 54500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllroof.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllroof.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/vllroof.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllroof.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllroof.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/vllroof.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllroof.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllroof.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/vllroof.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/vllroof.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/colbldg2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/colbldg2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/colbldg2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/colbldg2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/colbldg2.wal: 65380 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/crate1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/crate1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/crate1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/crate1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/crate1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/crate1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/crate1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/crate1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/crate1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/crate1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/grnd_cobble.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/grnd_cobble.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/grnd_cobble.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/grnd_cobble.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/grnd_cobble.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/grnd_cobble.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/grnd_cobble.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/grnd_cobble.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/grnd_cobble.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/grnd_cobble.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_checker3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_checker3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_checker3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_checker3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_checker3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_checker3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_checker3.tga: 786450 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_checker3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_skylight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_skylight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_skylight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_skylight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_skylight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_skylight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_skylight.tga: 262683 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_skylight.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng13.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng13.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng13.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng13.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng13.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng13.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bldng13.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wall19.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wall19.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/wall19.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wall19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wall19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/wall19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wall19.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wall19.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/wall19.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wall19.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/dt_trim_floor.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/dt_trim_floor.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/dt_trim_floor.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/dt_trim_floor.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/dt_trim_floor.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/dt_trim_floor.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/dt_trim_floor.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/dt_trim_floor.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/dt_trim_floor.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/dt_trim_floor.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brickb5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brickb5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brickb5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brickb5.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bldng4.wal: 49060 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_tile31.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_tile31.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_tile31.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_tile31.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_tile31.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_tile31.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_tile31.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_tile31.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_tile31.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_tile31.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/crate2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/crate2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/crate2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/crate2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/crate2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/crate2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/crate2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/crate2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/crate2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/crate2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_vert.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_vert.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metaltrim_vert.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_vert.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_vert.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metaltrim_vert.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_vert.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metaltrim_vert.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metaltrim_vert.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/metaltrim_vert.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brickb1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brickb1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brickb1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brickb1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brickb1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_rock1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_rock1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_rock1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_rock1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_rock1.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_btm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_btm.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_btm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_btm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_btm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_btm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_btm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_btm.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_btm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_btm.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vbrooftile.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vbrooftile.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/vbrooftile.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vbrooftile.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vbrooftile.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/vbrooftile.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vbrooftile.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vbrooftile.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/vbrooftile.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/vbrooftile.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/boards.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/boards.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/boards.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/boards.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/boards.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/boards.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/boards.tga: 288084 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/boards.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vbvbrk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vbvbrk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/vbvbrk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vbvbrk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vbvbrk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/vbvbrk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vbvbrk.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vbvbrk.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/vbvbrk.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/vbvbrk.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door30_128x256.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door30_128x256.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door30_128x256.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door30_128x256.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door30_128x256.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door30_128x256.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door30_128x256.tga: 98843 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/door30_128x256.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/axis_5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/axis_5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/axis_5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/axis_5.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllshopfront.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllshopfront.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/vllshopfront.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllshopfront.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllshopfront.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/vllshopfront.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllshopfront.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllshopfront.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/vllshopfront.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/vllshopfront.wal: 76260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pipeshin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pipeshin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/pipeshin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pipeshin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pipeshin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/pipeshin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pipeshin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pipeshin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/pipeshin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/pipeshin.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/light_bottom.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/light_bottom.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/light_bottom.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/light_bottom.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/light_bottom.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/light_bottom.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/light_bottom.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/light_bottom.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/light_bottom.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/light_bottom.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/axis_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/axis_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/axis_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/axis_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/axis_2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/table.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/table.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/table.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/table.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/table.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/table.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/table.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/table.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/table.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/table.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/genroom.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/genroom.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/genroom.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/genroom.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/genroom.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/genroom.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/genroom.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/genroom.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/genroom.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/genroom.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wallppr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wallppr.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_wallppr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wallppr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wallppr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_wallppr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wallppr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wallppr.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_wallppr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_wallppr.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_window1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_window1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_window1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wall18.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wall18.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wall18.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wall18.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wall18.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_formica1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_formica1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_formica1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_formica1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_greenroof.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_greenroof.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/da_greenroof.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_greenroof.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_greenroof.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/da_greenroof.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_greenroof.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_greenroof.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/da_greenroof.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_greenroof.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rockbtm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rockbtm.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_rockbtm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rockbtm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rockbtm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_rockbtm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rockbtm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rockbtm.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_rockbtm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_rockbtm.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_door2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_door2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_door2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/achtung.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/achtung.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/achtung.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/achtung.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/achtung.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/achtung.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/achtung.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/achtung.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/achtung.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/achtung.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/windowx.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/windowx.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/windowx.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/windowx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/windowx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/windowx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/windowx.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/windowx.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/windowx.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/windowx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_light.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_light.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_light.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_light.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_light.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_light.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_light.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_light.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_light.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_light.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_roofline.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_roofline.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_roofline.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_roofline.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_roofline.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_roofline.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_roofline.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_roofline.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_roofline.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_roofline.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bedsheet.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bedsheet2.wal: 13700 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_table.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_table.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_table.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_table.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tableside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tableside.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_tableside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tableside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tableside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_tableside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tableside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tableside.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_tableside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_tableside.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkend.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkend.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkend.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_bkend.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_window3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_window3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_window3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_window3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_window2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_window2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_window2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brick1_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brick1_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/brick1_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brick1_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brick1_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/brick1_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brick1_1.tga: 788721 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/brick1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/stucco1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/stucco1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/stucco1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/stucco1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucsign.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucsign.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_stucsign.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucsign.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucsign.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_stucsign.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucsign.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucsign.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_stucsign.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_stucsign.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucbrick.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucbrick.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_stucbrick.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucbrick.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucbrick.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_stucbrick.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucbrick.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucbrick.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_stucbrick.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_stucbrick.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickwin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickwin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_brickwin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickwin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickwin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_brickwin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickwin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickwin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_brickwin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_brickwin.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile11.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile11.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_table2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_table2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_table2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_table2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_lightshade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_lightshade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_lightshade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_lightshade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_lightshade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_lightshade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_lightshade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_lightshade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_lightshade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_lightshade.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkfnt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkfnt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkfnt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_bkfnt.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_mona.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_mona.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_mona.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_mona.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_mona.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_mona.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_mona.tga: 190966 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_mona.wal: 6900 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_beard.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_beard.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_beard.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_beard.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_beard.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_beard.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_beard.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_beard.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_beard.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_beard.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/medic_wall_a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/rug192256a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/rug192256a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/rug192256a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/rug192256a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/rug192256a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/rug192256a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/rug192256a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/rug192256a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/rug192256a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/rug192256a.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_knight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_knight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_knight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_knight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_knight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_knight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_knight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_knight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_knight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_knight.wal: 6900 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindervine.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindervine.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cindervine.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindervine.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindervine.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cindervine.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindervine.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cindervine.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/cindervine.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cindervine.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face_window.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face_window.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/face_window.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face_window.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face_window.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/face_window.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face_window.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face_window.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/face_window.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/face_window.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/tunnel.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/tunnel.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/tunnel.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/tunnel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/tunnel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/tunnel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/tunnel.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/tunnel.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/tunnel.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/tunnel.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ground1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ground1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/ground1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ground1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ground1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/ground1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ground1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ground1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/ground1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/ground1.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pillar.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pillar.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/pillar.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pillar.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pillar.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/pillar.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pillar.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pillar.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/pillar.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/pillar.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tire.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tire.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/trk_tire.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/trk_tire.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_tire.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_vent_dest.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_vent_dest.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/console_vent_dest.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_vent_dest.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_vent_dest.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/console_vent_dest.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_vent_dest.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/console_vent_dest.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/console_vent_dest.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/console_vent_dest.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brwind5_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brwind5_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/brwind5_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brwind5_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brwind5_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/brwind5_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brwind5_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brwind5_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/brwind5_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/brwind5_2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner/tris.md2: 13428 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/banner/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/banner/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/banner/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner/skin.pcx: 48517 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2rt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night2rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night2rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night2rt.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2bk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night2bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night2bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night2bk.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2lf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night2lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night2lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night2lf.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2ft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night2ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night2ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night2ft.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2up.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night2up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night2up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night2up.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2dn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night2dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night2dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night2dn.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/explod2.wav: 23966 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/explod1.wav: 101528 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/5insx.wav: 54998 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/cricket1.wav: 80923 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/ccro1.wav: 115556 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/beoch.wav: 82654 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/crow.wav: 72908 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/train1.wav: 78614 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/water_medium.wav: 36782 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/waterfall.wav: 65306 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/wind01.wav: 66512 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/curnt2.wav: 183368 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/water_light.wav: 34450 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/underwater.wav: 43414 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/battle1.wav: 621612 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/music.wav: 327376 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/rdday3.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/rdday3.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/rdday3.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/rdday3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/rdday3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/rdday3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/rdday3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/rdday3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/rdday3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/rdday3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/rdday3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/rdday3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/rdday3.pcx: 39058 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/rdday3.cfg: 28 bytes
Execing cfg/rdday3.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/rdday3.txt: 0 bytes
