open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/ruins3k.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build160.wal: 54500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned01.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris02.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned06.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof01.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned02.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door84.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window108.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door88.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/extwall05.wal: 130660 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood73.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk80.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint125.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk23.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof20.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood72.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned09.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door40.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris03.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cave/cave07.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ground3j.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof07.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned13.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned05.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build69.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bushes/bush17.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bushes/bush16.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/desert/desert6y.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/hedge/hedge03.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/sandbags2.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/sandbags.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/extwall06.wal: 59940 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build171.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window99.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build175.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build91.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door00011.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door00011.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door00011.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door00011.png: 12993 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door00011.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door00011.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door00011.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned04.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris08.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof19.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned15.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk48.wal: 16760 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/black.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window06.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window06.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build195.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window04.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window05.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window05.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window05.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window07.wal: 174180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build182.wal: 54500 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/clip.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk38.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build86.wal: 174180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/ruins5k.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood63.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk12.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint87.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint87.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint87.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint87.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint87.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint87.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint87.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint87.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint87.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint87.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint87.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint87.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint87.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint87.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint87.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint87.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint87.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint87.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint87.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint87.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint87.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint87.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint87.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint87.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint87.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint87.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint87.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door44.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door44.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door44.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door44.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door44.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door44.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door44.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door44.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door44.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint87.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint87.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint87.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint87.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint87.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint87.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint87.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint87.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint87.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint87.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint87.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint87.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint87.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint87.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint87.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint87.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint87.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint87.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door56.wal: 76260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wallm02.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wallm02.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wallm02.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wallm02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wallm02.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wallm02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wallm02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wallm02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wallm02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wallm02.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wallm02.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wallm02.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wallm02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wallm02.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wallm02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wallm02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wallm02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wallm02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build174.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/fdprp03.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof28.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface26.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof02.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build58.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof26.wal: 174180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build56.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door51.wal: 54500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build57.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland5rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland5rt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/inland5rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland5rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland5rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/inland5rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland5rt.pcx: 52460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland5bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland5bk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/inland5bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland5bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland5bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/inland5bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland5bk.pcx: 55650 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland5lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland5lf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/inland5lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland5lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland5lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/inland5lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland5lf.pcx: 59478 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland5ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland5ft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/inland5ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland5ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland5ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/inland5ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland5ft.pcx: 61264 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland5up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland5up.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/inland5up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland5up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland5up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/inland5up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland5up.pcx: 62055 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland5dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland5dn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/inland5dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland5dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland5dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/inland5dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/inland5dn.pcx: 65125 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/sgmunfbhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/sgmunfbhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/sgmunfbhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/sgmunfbhv2.pcx: 116200 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.pcx: 1406 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/sgmunfbhv2.cfg: 30 bytes
Execing cfg/sgmunfbhv2.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/sgmunfbhv2.txt: 0 bytes
