open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile66.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk47.wal: 16760 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk69.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window96.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement58.wal: 54500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris01.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window06.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window06.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window06.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window06.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window06.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window06.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window06.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window06.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window06.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window05.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window05.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window05.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window05.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window05.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window05.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window05.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window05.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window05.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window05.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window05.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window05.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof25.wal: 174180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door74.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door65.wal: 49060 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherrt.tga: 115850 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherbk.tga: 105946 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherlf.tga: 107746 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherft.tga: 106202 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherup.tga: 178970 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherdn.tga: 2066 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/sgmunfbh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/sgmunfbh.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/sgmunfbh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/sgmunfbh.pcx: 116200 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.pcx: 1406 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Molotov connected.
VolksBOT connected.
Stalin connected.
Rommel connected.
Hack Bot 1 connected.
PolkaBOT connected.
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/sgmunfbh.cfg: 29 bytes
Execing cfg/sgmunfbh.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/sgmunfbh.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/sgmunfbh.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/sgmunfb.bsp: 1586088 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: sgmunfb
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/sgmunfb.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/sgmunfb.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/sgmunfb.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for sgmunfb.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/sgmunfb.pcx...error.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: sgmunfb
sgmunfb.cmp Loaded
-------------------------------------
       : AI: Nodes Initialized.
       : loaded nodes:29.
       : added nodes:0.
       : total nodes:29.
       : loaded links:53.
       : added links:0.
       : added jump links:0.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




STALINGRAD
Mr. YOur no fun
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cshrine4q2/snow3.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_cher1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rescale2/vill_c04dm.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/redvenbrickwin1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/dirtrubble.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rescale/burn_flr_m02.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rooftop1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/redvenbrickbase.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/door06.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/K_brick13.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/costore1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/sandbtop64.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/smoecm2/smoebuild.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/smoecm2/smoebuild2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rescale/mdoor_c07.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/K_brick14.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/taken/blood1_1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/stlouis/slfirehousetop1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/taken/blood1_5.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/taken/unrealmuroverde2.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/ancient3.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/waterfront/wfbrik7win.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/avarooftile3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/asphalt.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rescale/floor_m02.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_stonewall1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rescale2/villdoor_c04dm.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rescale/debri_m01a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_building29.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/K_roof3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame1.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame2.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame3.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame4.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame5.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame6.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame7.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/flame8.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/rc_rc_c5.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/b_st_v2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/build3.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/colhous3.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/woodgrey.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bricks2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/da_brick1a.wal: 49060 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bricksm1.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/colbldg2.wal: 65380 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/colbldg5.wal: 54500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/cnbldg4b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/K_cobble11c.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_brickwin.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_brick53.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/1/dtsub_shrubbery.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/bunkerwall_g2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag2.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bldng13.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/cobldg6.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brickb5.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bricksm4.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/colhous2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bldng11.wal: 54500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rescale2/St0783.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/brick_wall1.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazdod/pkdodwall03m.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rescale/mroof_m01a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/brick60a.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/K_building29b.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/K_door15d.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex4/K_brick22.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazdod/pkdodshop01b.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazdod/pkdodshop01c.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazdod/pkdodwall01b.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazdod/pkdodplanks.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazdod/pkdodroof01b.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazwad1/blawall2b.wal: 54500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/lokitaly/loktileroofgry.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazwad1/blawall2a.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazwad1/blawall2door.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/sgmunfb.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/sgmunfb.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/sgmunfb.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.pcx: 1406 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Rostislav connected.
Goering connected.
Muff connected.
PolkaBOT connected.
KGBot connected.
Franz connected.
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/sgmunfb.cfg: 28 bytes
Execing cfg/sgmunfb.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/sgmunfb.txt: 0 bytes
