==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: sgmunfbh
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/sgmunfbh.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/sgmunfbh.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/sgmunfbh.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for sgmunfbh.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/sgmunfbh.pcx...done.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: sgmunfbh
sgmunfbh.cmp Loaded
-------------------------------------
       : AI: Nodes Initialized.
       : loaded nodes:63.
       : added nodes:0.
       : total nodes:63.
       : loaded links:150.
       : added links:0.
       : added jump links:0.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
PowaBanga connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




STALINGRAD BH
Mr. YOur no fun
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/ground/dust_road.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris06.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris06.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/debris06.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/debris06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris06.tga: 64806 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris06.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint67.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint67.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint67.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint67.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint67.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wallint/walint67.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint67.tga: 256603 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wallint/walint67.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile66.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile66.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/tiles/tile66.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile66.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile66.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/tiles/tile66.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile66.tga: 251527 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/tiles/tile66.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk47.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk47.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk47.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk47.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk47.tga: 49018 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk47.wal: 16760 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk69.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk69.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk69.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk69.tga: 65607 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/brkblk69.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window96.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window96.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window96.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window96.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window96.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window96.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window96.tga: 130095 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window96.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement58.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement58.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement58.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement58.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement58.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement58.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement58.tga: 162738 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement58.wal: 54500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/debris01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/debris01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris01.tga: 262309 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/debris01.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window06.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window06.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window06.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window06.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window06.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window06.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window06.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window06.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window06.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window06.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window04.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window04.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window04.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window04.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window04.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window04.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window04.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window04.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window04.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window04.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window04.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window04.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window04.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window04.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window04.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window04.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window05.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window05.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window05.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window05.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window05.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window05.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window05.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window05.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window05.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window05.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window05.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/window05.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/window05.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof25.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof25.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/roof25.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof25.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof25.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/roof25.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof25.tga: 521825 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof25.wal: 174180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door74.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door74.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door74.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door74.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door74.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door74.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door74.tga: 245899 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door74.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door65.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door65.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door65.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door65.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door65.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door65.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door65.tga: 146446 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door65.wal: 49060 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/b14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/b14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/b14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/b14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/b14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/b14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/b14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/b14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/b14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/b14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/b14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/b14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/b14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/b14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/b14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/b14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/b14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/b14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/b14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/b14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/b14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/b14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/b14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/window/b14.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/window/b14.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof02.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/roof02.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/roof02.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof02.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/roof02.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof02.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/roofs/roof02.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/roofs/roof02.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherrt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherrt.tga: 115850 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherbk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherbk.tga: 105946 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherlf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherlf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherlf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherlf.tga: 107746 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherft.tga: 106202 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherup.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherup.tga: 178970 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherdn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherdn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherdn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherdn.tga: 2066 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/sgmunfbh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/sgmunfbh.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/sgmunfbh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/sgmunfbh.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/sgmunfbh.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/sgmunfbh.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/sgmunfbh.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/sgmunfbh.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/sgmunfbh.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/sgmunfbh.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/sgmunfbh.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/sgmunfbh.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/sgmunfbh.pcx: 116200 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Rostislav connected.
Franz connected.
Franz joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_special.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_special.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_special.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/class_special.pcx: 79831 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_special_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_special_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_special_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_special_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/players/grm/class_special_i.pcx: 1940 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/chute/tris.md2: 6700 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/chute/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/chute/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/chute/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/chute/skin.jpg: 128620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/chute/skin.pcx: 43675 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/flag.wav: 311668 bytes
Rostislav joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_engineer.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_engineer.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_engineer.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_engineer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_engineer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_engineer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_engineer.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_engineer.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_engineer.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/class_engineer.pcx: 85765 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/weapon.md2: 15904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_engineer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_engineer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_engineer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_engineer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_engineer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_engineer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_engineer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_engineer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_engineer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_engineer_i.pcx: 1265 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/sgmunfbh.cfg: 29 bytes
Execing cfg/sgmunfbh.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/sgmunfbh.txt: 0 bytes
