open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/castle64_boxamarillo.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/castle64_boxamarillo.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/castle64_boxamarillo.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/castle64_boxamarillo.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/castle64_boxamarillo.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/castle64_boxamarillo.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/castle64_boxamarillo.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/castle64_boxamarillo.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/castle64_boxamarillo.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/castle64_boxamarillo.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/castle64_boxamarillo.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/castle64_boxamarillo.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/castle64_boxamarillo.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/castle64_boxamarillo.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/castle64_boxamarillo.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/castle64_boxamarillo.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/castle64_boxamarillo.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/castle64_boxamarillo.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/castle64_boxamarillo.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/castle64_boxamarillo.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/castle64_boxamarillo.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/castle64_boxamarillo.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/castle64_boxamarillo.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_boxamarillo.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/castle64_boxamarillo.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_ladrillos4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_ladrillos4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_ladrillos4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_ladrillos4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_ladrillos4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_ladrillos4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_ladrillos4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_ladrillos4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_ladrillos4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_ladrillos4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_ladrillos4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_ladrillos4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/mine10_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/castle64_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_door.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/castle64_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/castle64_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/castle64_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/negro.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/negro.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/negro.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/negro.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/negro.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/negro.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/negro.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/negro.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/negro.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/negro.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/negro.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/negro.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/negro.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/negro.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/negro.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/negro.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/negro.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/negro.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/negro.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/negro.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/negro.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/negro.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/negro.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/negro.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/origin.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mario1rt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mario1rt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/mario1rt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mario1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mario1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/mario1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mario1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mario1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/mario1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mario1rt.pcx: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mario1rt.pcx: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/mario1rt.pcx: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/electro.wav: 59958 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/misc/windfly.wav: 87076 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/amb10.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/smash1.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/smash1.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/smash1.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/wind2xy.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/wind2xy.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/wind2xy.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/grito.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/grito.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/grito.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/nooooo.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/nooooo.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/nooooo.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/pikachu.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/pikachu.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/pikachu.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_strt.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_mid.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_end.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/smashd.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/smashd.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/smashd.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/smashd.cfg: 29 bytes
Execing cfg/smashd.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/smashd.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/smashd.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/smallv1.bsp: 1201480 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: smallv1
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/smallv1.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/smallv1.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/smallv1.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for smallv1.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/smallv1.pcx...error.
0 entities inhibited
2 teams with 10 entities
server map: smallv1
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Smallville 
By [AMF] Vassili Zaitsev
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_bwall1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_bwall1a.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodeditx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/vbrooftile.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_door2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_stonewall1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/fulltransp.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/snowtree1.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/twallgrey_tile.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_oldc.wal: 87140 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/dirtx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_skylight.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wood1.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/hedge.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/surreal/swhtlite.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/{cxgate.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cratex1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rooftop1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rockgrey.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/dirtx2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/bunkfl.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/barrel.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bastogne/barb2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/navarone/road.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/clip.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bastogne/fence.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile9.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/bunkerwall_g1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/crate02b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_top.wal: 1120 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_side.wal: 2140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_tnt.wal: 2140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_end1.wal: 780 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_end2.wal: 780 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/tris.md2: 980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/skin.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/rainrt.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/rainbk.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/rainlf.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/rainft.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/rainup.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/raindn.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/smallv1/grilo.wav: 99582 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/smallv1/guerra1.wav: 238812 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/smallv1.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/smallv1.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/smallv1.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/smallv1.cfg: 31 bytes
Execing cfg/smallv1.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/smallv1.txt: 0 bytes
