open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_madera.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_madera.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_ladrillos4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_ladrillos4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_ladrillos4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_ladrillos4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_ladrillos4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_ladrillos4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_ladrillos4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_ladrillos4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_ladrillos4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_ladrillos4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_ladrillos4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_ladrillos4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_ladrillos4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/mine10_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/castle64_door.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_door.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/castle64_door.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/castle64_door.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/castle64_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/castle64_door.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/negro.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/negro.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/negro.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/negro.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/negro.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/negro.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/negro.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/negro.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/negro.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/negro.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/negro.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/negro.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/negro.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/negro.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/negro.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/negro.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/negro.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/negro.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/negro.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/negro.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/negro.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/negro.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/negro.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/negro.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/origin.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/s_nube.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mario1rt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mario1rt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/mario1rt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mario1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mario1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/mario1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mario1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mario1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/mario1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mario1rt.pcx: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/mario1rt.pcx: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/mario1rt.pcx: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/electro.wav: 59958 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/misc/windfly.wav: 87076 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/amb10.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/smash1.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/smash1.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/smash1.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/wind2xy.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/wind2xy.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/wind2xy.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/grito.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/grito.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/grito.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/nooooo.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/nooooo.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/nooooo.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/pikachu.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/pikachu.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/pikachu.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_strt.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_mid.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_end.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/smashd.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/smashd.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/smashd.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/smashd.cfg: 29 bytes
Execing cfg/smashd.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/smashd.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/smashd.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/smallv1.bsp: 1201480 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: smallv1
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/smallv1.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/smallv1.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/smallv1.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for smallv1.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/smallv1.pcx...error.
0 entities inhibited
2 teams with 10 entities
server map: smallv1
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Smallville 
By [AMF] Vassili Zaitsev
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_bwall1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_bwall1a.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodeditx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/vbrooftile.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_door2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_stonewall1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/fulltransp.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/snowtree1.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/twallgrey_tile.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_oldc.wal: 87140 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/dirtx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_skylight.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wood1.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/hedge.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/surreal/swhtlite.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/{cxgate.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cratex1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rooftop1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rockgrey.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/dirtx2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/bunkfl.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/barrel.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bastogne/barb2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/navarone/road.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/clip.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bastogne/fence.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile9.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/bunkerwall_g1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/crate02b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_top.wal: 1120 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_side.wal: 2140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_tnt.wal: 2140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_end1.wal: 780 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_end2.wal: 780 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/tris.md2: 980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/skin.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/rainrt.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/rainbk.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/rainlf.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/rainft.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/rainup.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/raindn.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/smallv1/grilo.wav: 99582 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/smallv1/guerra1.wav: 238812 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/smallv1.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/smallv1.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/smallv1.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/smallv1.cfg: 31 bytes
Execing cfg/smallv1.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/smallv1.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/smallv1.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/smalltown.bsp: 1027980 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: smalltown
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/smalltown.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/smalltown.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/smalltown.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for smalltown.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/smalltown.pcx...error.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: smalltown
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Small town at night
Designed by shuft
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/crate4a.wal: 3160 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_boxsd.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_box.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_boxtop.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/damage1_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg5a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/crate1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rtile.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood4.wal: 7240 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/da_asphalt.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/metalplat.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/caen/street.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks/s_sr_m4a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/vbvbrk.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/vllcbbl2.wal: 13700 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b6_b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood17.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b6.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_asphalt.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg5bt.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/ik_brickwall_grydoor.wal: 21860 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/rug192256a.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/ddbasc01.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/door30_128x256.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/wood2.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood14.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_browna.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wall18.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/door1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/barb2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/door76_128x256.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_floor10.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_greenroof.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dirt1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/brick60a.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/vllroof.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/colhous2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cergrass.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_rock1.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/br_tiles.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/metal2_2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a11.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a12.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mount1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkrt.tga: 197147 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkbk.tga: 197147 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darklf.tga: 197147 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkft.tga: 197147 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkup.tga: 197147 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1darkdn.tga: 197147 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/inland/dogs.wav: 52080 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/cherbourg/amb1.wav: 3836050 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/wind.wav: 138819 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bird9.wav: 65068 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/windr.wav: 211264 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/cherbourg/warwind.wav: 388598 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/inland/chopin.wav: 800556 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/inland/drip1.wav: 137736 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/smalltown.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/smalltown.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/smalltown.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/smalltown.cfg: 27 bytes
Execing cfg/smalltown.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/smalltown.txt: 0 bytes
