directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/chicken/pallet1.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/chicken/pallet1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mp1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/bricks2/b_sr_26a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/props/box_sr_m5.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m1a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_mn4w.tga: No such file or directory
build_surface_light: bad surface lightmap
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtownrt.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtownbk.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtownlf.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtownft.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtownup.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/doomtowndn.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/sniperhouse.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/sniperhouse.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/sniperhouse.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/sniperhouse.cfg: 28 bytes
Execing cfg/sniperhouse.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/sniperhouse.txt: 0 bytes
