open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_snw_sndbg2.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_vy2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/rubble2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_brick5.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/tale/trans_ironfence.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_bld3.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_conc1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/rubble1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m4.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg9a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_rc_v4.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m2z.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_pv_m16f.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_mf_v11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/black.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/m_pv_v4a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_misc6b.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/b_sr_20ag.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/b_sr_c27.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/b_sr_c31.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/b_sr_c09aa.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/b_sr_c05.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/br_rc_v1a.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_bld8.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_bld9.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_bld4_rot.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_box7b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg5a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4c.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4btdr.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/barrel_v4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/barrel_v2t.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_chamuscado.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_rajada2.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_impacto.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_tnkvisor.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_3aPhy.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_redstar.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_fenda.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_escorilha.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_alma.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_canvas.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_side.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_tankgreyside.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_rajada.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_tile1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/metal2_2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_escorilha2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/light_bottom.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/barrel.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/dbarrelt.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/panthertrk.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/T34-85_tracks.wal: 31380 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/gen.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_rim.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_side.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/crate01b.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/side_dark.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_side_1.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_canvas.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/black.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_tire.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_axle.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/door1.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dinant/side_darkdamage.wal: 4180 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dinant/side_dark.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_caback.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal_dash.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/trk_seat.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/floor_grated.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/trk_pipe.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/headlight.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/SU76_tracks.wal: 27980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/plat1_1.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_side`3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_end1.wal: 780 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_side.wal: 2140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_top.wal: 1120 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_boxsd.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_box.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_boxtop.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_bed_dark.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blindados/metal3_Wopc.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/metaltrim_vert.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/damage1_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_tt33/tris.md2: 62280 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_tt33/skin.pcx: 32951 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_tt33/tris.md2: 140756 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_m9130/tris.md2: 13564 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_m9130s/skin.pcx: 43745 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_m9130/tris.md2: 215112 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_ppsh41/tris.md2: 9376 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_ppsh41/skin.pcx: 40440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_ppsh41/tris.md2: 172728 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_pps43/tris.md2: 11920 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_pps43/skin.pcx: 36846 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_pps43/tris.md2: 161460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_dpm/tris.md2: 14964 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_dpm/skin.pcx: 33789 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_dpm/tris.md2: 201640 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_panzer/tris.md2: 9656 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_panzer/skin.pcx: 73347 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_panzer/tris.md2: 134800 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_m9130s/tris.md2: 17304 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_m9130s/tris.md2: 198568 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_grenade/tris.md2: 2920 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_grenade/skin.pcx: 18354 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_grenade/tris.md2: 203844 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_grenade/skin.pcx: 45322 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/rus_drum2/tris.md2: 3124 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/rus_pph43/tris.md2: 2168 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/rus_drum1/tris.md2: 3552 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_molotov/tris.md2: 5512 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.pcx: 69204 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/tris.md2: 94832 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/tris.md2: 1121536 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/w_tt33.md2: 190164 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/w_m9130.md2: 223180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/w_ppsh41.md2: 201576 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/w_pps43.md2: 192452 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/w_dpm.md2: 283000 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/w_panzer.md2: 183760 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/w_m9130s.md2: 313564 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/a_f1grenade.md2: 56592 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/a_f1grenade.pcx: 17530 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_tt33.pcx: 1160 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m9130.pcx: 1373 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_ppsh41.pcx: 1483 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_pps43.pcx: 1404 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_dpm.pcx: 1623 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m9130s.pcx: 1419 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_f1grenade.pcx: 1194 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/a_tt33.pcx: 1111 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_m9130.pcx: 1185 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_ppsh41.pcx: 1374 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_pps43.pcx: 1047 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_dpm.pcx: 1367 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_molotov.pcx: 1503 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/scope_rus.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_rus.pcx: 6652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkholort.tga: 88789 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkholobk.tga: 65362 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkhololf.tga: 69875 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkholoft.tga: 63085 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkholoup.tga: 160785 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/drkholodn.tga: 3701 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/tt33/fire.wav: 66072 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/tt33/reload.wav: 7044 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/tt33/unload.wav: 6724 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/m9130/fire.wav: 57008 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/m9130/lastround.wav: 57020 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/m9130/reload.wav: 37386 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/m9130/unload.wav: 40086 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/ppsh41/fire.wav: 91684 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/ppsh41/reload.wav: 11514 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/ppsh41/unload.wav: 6356 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/pps43/fire.wav: 89384 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/pps43/reload.wav: 7902 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/pps43/unload.wav: 16772 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/dpm/fire.wav: 12356 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/dpm/reload.wav: 6724 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/dpm/unload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/panzer/fire.wav: 92082 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/panzer/reload.wav: 16410 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/panzer/rockfly.wav: 36042 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/m9130s/fire.wav: 48150 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/m9130s/lastround.wav: 48150 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/m9130s/reload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/m9130s/unload.wav: 9200 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/victory.wav: 104918 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/sofs.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/sofs.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/sofs.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.pcx: 1406 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/sofs.cfg: 36 bytes
Execing cfg/sofs.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/sofs.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/sofs.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/snipertowntest.bsp: 1119568 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: snipertowntest
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/snipertowntest.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/snipertowntest.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/snipertowntest.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for snipertowntest.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/snipertowntest.pcx...error.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: snipertowntest
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




snipertowntest
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_bricka.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/bunkwall2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/brick_wall1.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brick20.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bricks2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/medbrick1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brickruf.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u3/blume4_2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/med_brick4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/basic1_2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/tris.md2: 7168 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/skin.pcx: 9215 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/tris.md2: 126332 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/skin.pcx: 27836 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/tris.md2: 4916 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/skin.pcx: 34838 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/tris.md2: 197204 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/skin.pcx: 39611 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/tris.md2: 6216 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/skin.pcx: 37969 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/tris.md2: 112368
 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/skin.pcx: 73665 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/tris.md2: 6868 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/skin.pcx: 15460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/tris.md2: 133564 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/skin.pcx: 25192 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bhmg/tris.md2: 4752 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bhmg/skin.pcx: 18742 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/tris.md2: 171696 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/skin.pcx: 24678 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/tris.md2: 6540 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/skin.pcx: 10987 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/tris.md2: 105704 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/skin.pcx: 23554 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/tris.md2: 16372 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/skin.pcx: 50990 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/tris.md2: 305860 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/skin.pcx: 90762 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/tris.md2: 8184 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/skin.pcx: 46386 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/tris.md2: 196452 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/skin.pcx: 62929 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/items/ammo/lmg2/tris.md2: 728 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/items/ammo/lmg2/skin.pcx: 2077 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/tris.md2: 1121488 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_colt45.md2: 181676 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_colt45.pcx: 9624 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1.md2: 90004 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1.pcx: 16629 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_thompson.md2: 116976 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_thompson.pcx: 36975 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bar.md2: 128820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bar.pcx: 15460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bhmg.md2: 102568 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bhmg.pcx: 18742 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bazooka.md2: 147272 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bazooka.pcx: 10987 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1903.md2: 351776 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1903.pcx: 50990 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/a_grenade.md2: 56592 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/a_grenade.pcx: 16364 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_flame.md2: 112536 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_flame.pcx: 19125 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_morphine.md2: 120848 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_morphine.pcx: 7774 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_knife.md2: 99544 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_knife.pcx: 10495 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_binoc.md2: 231408 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/tris.md2: 9752 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/skin.pcx: 44076 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m1.pcx: 1874 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_thompson.pcx: 2003 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bar.pcx: 1834 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bhmg.pcx: 2012 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bazooka.pcx: 1757 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m1903.pcx: 1976 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/scope_usa.pcx: 4425 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/victory_usa.pcx: 5894 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_rt.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_bk.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_lf.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_ft.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_up.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_dn.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/fire.wav: 17454 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/reload.wav: 7044 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/unload.wav: 6724 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/fire.wav: 29600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/lastround.wav: 58612 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/reload.wav: 9776 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/unload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/fire.wav: 32032 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/reload.wav: 13484 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/unload.wav: 4822 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/fire.wav: 90498 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/reload.wav: 20378 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/unload.wav: 16492 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/fire.wav: 53996 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/reload.wav: 33436 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/unload.wav: 48514 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/fire.wav: 79350 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/reload.wav: 17436 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/rockfly.wav: 82186 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/fire.wav: 73440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/lastround.wav: 158024 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/reload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/unload.wav: 7644 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/victory.wav: 125886 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/snipertowntest.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/snipertowntest.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/snipertowntest.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/snipertowntest.cfg: 33 bytes
Execing cfg/snipertowntest.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/snipertowntest.txt: 0 bytes
