open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm06.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm06.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm06.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm06.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm06.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm06.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm06.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm06.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm06.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm06.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm06.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm06.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm06.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm06.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm06.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm06.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm06.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned06.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned06.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/burned/burned06.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/burned/burned06.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned06.tga: 165150 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/burned/burned06.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm19.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm19.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm19.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm19.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm19.tga: 190137 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm19.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bckgrnd/bckgrndm04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bckgrnd/bckgrndm04.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bckgrnd/bckgrndm04.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bckgrnd/bckgrndm04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bckgrnd/bckgrndm04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bckgrnd/bckgrndm04.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bckgrnd/bckgrndm04.tga: 192896 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bckgrnd/bckgrndm04.wal: 65380 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bckgrnd/bckgrndm05.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bckgrnd/bckgrndm05.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bckgrnd/bckgrndm05.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bckgrnd/bckgrndm05.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bckgrnd/bckgrndm05.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bckgrnd/bckgrndm05.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bckgrnd/bckgrndm05.tga: 188734 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bckgrnd/bckgrndm05.wal: 65380 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow124.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow124.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow124.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow124.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow124.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow124.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow124.tga: 260006 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow124.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm23.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm23.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm23.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm23.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm23.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snowm23.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm23.tga: 236092 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snowm23.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow127.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow127.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow127.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow127.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow127.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow127.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow127.tga: 258942 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow127.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow62.tga: 31980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow62.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow123.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow123.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow123.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow123.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow123.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/winter/snow123.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow123.tga: 261230 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/winter/snow123.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door16.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door16.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door16.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door16.tga: 256354 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door16.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement58.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement58.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement58.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement58.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement58.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement58.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement58.tga: 162738 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement58.wal: 54500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/tris.md2: 980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/debris1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/debris1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/debris1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/skin.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/soviet7bhv3.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/soviet7bhv3.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/soviet7bhv3.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/soviet7bhv3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/soviet7bhv3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/soviet7bhv3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/soviet7bhv3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/soviet7bhv3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/soviet7bhv3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/soviet7bhv3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/soviet7bhv3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/soviet7bhv3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/soviet7bhv3.pcx: 205800 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Rostislav connected.
Erik connected.
Rostislav joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_engineer.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_engineer.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_engineer.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_engineer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_engineer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_engineer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_engineer.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_engineer.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_engineer.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/class_engineer.pcx: 85765 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/weapon.md2: 15904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_engineer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_engineer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_engineer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_engineer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_engineer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_engineer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_engineer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_engineer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_engineer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_engineer_i.pcx: 1265 bytes
Erik joined the game.
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak1.pak/sound/grm/shout/move1.wav: 18860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/soviet7bhv3.cfg: 33 bytes
Execing cfg/soviet7bhv3.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/soviet7bhv3.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/soviet7bhv3.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/soviet7bhv2.bsp: 1627232 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: soviet7bhv2
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/soviet7bhv2.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/soviet7bhv2.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/soviet7bhv2.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for soviet7bhv2.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/soviet7bhv2.pcx...done.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: soviet7bhv2
soviet7bhv2.cmp Loaded
-------------------------------------
       : AI: Nodes Initialized.
       : loaded nodes:113.
       : added nodes:0.
       : total nodes:113.
       : loaded links:281.
       : added links:0.
       : added jump links:0.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
PowaBanga connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




The Russian Winter
Mr. YOur no fun
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/brkblk/stoneblock2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/soviet7bhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/soviet7bhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/soviet7bhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/soviet7bhv2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/soviet7bhv2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/soviet7bhv2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/soviet7bhv2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/soviet7bhv2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/soviet7bhv2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/soviet7bhv2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/soviet7bhv2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/soviet7bhv2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/soviet7bhv2.pcx: 205800 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Boris connected.
Frederick connected.
Frederick joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_hmg.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_hmg.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_hmg.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_hmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_hmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_hmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_hmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_hmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_hmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/class_hmg.pcx: 96053 bytes
Boris joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_hmg.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_hmg.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_hmg.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_hmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_hmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_hmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_hmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_hmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_hmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/class_hmg.pcx: 90089 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/weapon.md2: 15904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_hmg_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_hmg_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_hmg_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_hmg_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_hmg_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_hmg_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_hmg_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_hmg_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_hmg_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_hmg_i.pcx: 1265 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/soviet7bhv2.cfg: 31 bytes
Execing cfg/soviet7bhv2.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/soviet7bhv2.txt: 0 bytes
