directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandy2grass.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandpath.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/remedy/natupur/grass4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/gam.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/gam.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/gam.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/gam.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/gam.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/gam.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/gam.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/gam.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/gam.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/gam.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/gam.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/gam.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/gam.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/gam.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/gam.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/gam.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/gam.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/gam.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/gam.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/gam.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/gam.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/gam.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/gam.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gam.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/gam.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_cement1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0127.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0127.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0127.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0127.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0127.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0127.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0127.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0127.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0127.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0127.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0127.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0127.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0092.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0092.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0092.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0092.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0092.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0092.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0092.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0092.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0092.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0092.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0092.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/fa0092.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cement.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kingkang.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kingkang.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kingkang.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kingkang.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/black.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kingkang.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kingkang.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kingkang.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kingkang.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kingkang.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kingkang.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kingkang.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kingkang.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kingkang.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kingkang.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kingkang.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kingkang.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/olivegreen.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kingkang.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kingkang.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kingkang.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kingkang.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kingkang.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kingkang.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kingkang.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kingkang.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kingkang.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kingkang.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kingkang.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kingkang.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kingkang.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/winlight.wal: 3160 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/white.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: 3160 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/shepherd.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/8th_clanmark.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/sheepdog.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile9.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/pipeshin.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/pipesmth.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blcollection1/blwindow01a.wal: 24580 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/window_b.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood4.wal: 7240 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/ledherring.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kotone.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kor_dday.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/tosi.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/eg.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gungrave.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/hellsing.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/inmingun.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kimhh.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kino.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/nacl.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/psg01.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kansas.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/minchul.wal: 1800 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_light.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/kpur/brcv4aa.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a17.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/kpur/clrcc2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1rt.tga: 71518 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1bk.tga: 86934 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1lf.tga: 77122 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1ft.tga: 106050 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1up.tga: 97286 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1dn.tga: 7742 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/stadium.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/stadium.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/stadium.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/stadium.cfg: 31 bytes
Execing cfg/stadium.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/stadium.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/stadium.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/sscomplex.bsp: 1092856 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: sscomplex
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/sscomplex.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/sscomplex.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/sscomplex.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for sscomplex.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/sscomplex.pcx...error.
angel is not a field
direction is not a field
func_door_rotating at (256 30 -66) with no distance set
angel is not a field
direction is not a field
func_door_rotating at (491 95 -66) with no distance set
angel is not a field
direction is not a field
func_door_rotating at (491 -95 -66) with no distance set
angel is not a field
direction is not a field
func_door_rotating at (651 608 -66) with no distance set
angel is not a field
direction is not a field
func_door_rotating at (-425 471 -66) with no distance set
angel is not a field
direction is not a field
func_door_rotating at (-649 55 -2) with no distance set
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: sscomplex
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




SchutzStaffel Complex
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/crcity/brick1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/crcity/asphalt.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/wndow1_2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/medic_floor.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/grass1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/asphalt.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u1/w_white.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wdfence.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/crcity/wood3_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_canvas.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/side_dark.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e2u2/belt2_5.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/tracks.wal: 6900 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/trk_tire.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/black.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/colpiron/metal.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/basic1_4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u3/shiny1_6.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b6.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/metal_2.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag2.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/ladder.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/wbasic1_7.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e3u1/grass1_2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/forest3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/door1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/origin.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/origin.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner2/tris.md2: 13532 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner2/skin.pcx: 48931 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/encampment/rainrt.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/encampment/rainbk.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/encampment/rainlf.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/encampment/rainft.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/encampment/rainup.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/encampment/raindn.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_strt.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_mid.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_end.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/sscomplex.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/sscomplex.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/sscomplex.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/sscomplex.cfg: 28 bytes
Execing cfg/sscomplex.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/sscomplex.txt: 0 bytes
