open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/winred.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/net.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/net.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/net.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/net.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/net.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/net.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/net.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/net.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/net.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/net.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/net.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/net.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/net.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/net.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/net.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/net.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/net.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/net.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/net.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/net.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/net.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/net.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/net.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/net.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/net.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/shepherd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/shepherd.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/shepherd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/shepherd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/shepherd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/shepherd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/shepherd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/shepherd.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/shepherd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/shepherd.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/shepherd.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/shepherd.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/8th_clanmark.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/8th_clanmark.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/8th_clanmark.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/8th_clanmark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/8th_clanmark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/8th_clanmark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/8th_clanmark.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/8th_clanmark.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/8th_clanmark.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/8th_clanmark.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/8th_clanmark.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/8th_clanmark.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/sheepdog.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/sheepdog.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/sheepdog.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/sheepdog.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/sheepdog.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/sheepdog.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/sheepdog.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/sheepdog.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/sheepdog.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/sheepdog.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/sheepdog.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/sheepdog.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile9.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile9.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile9.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile9.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile9.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/tile9.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/tile9.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/tile9.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pipeshin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pipeshin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/pipeshin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pipeshin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pipeshin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/pipeshin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pipeshin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pipeshin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/pipeshin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/pipeshin.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pipesmth.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pipesmth.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/pipesmth.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pipesmth.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pipesmth.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/pipesmth.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pipesmth.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pipesmth.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/pipesmth.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/pipesmth.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blcollection1/blwindow01a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blcollection1/blwindow01a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/blcollection1/blwindow01a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blcollection1/blwindow01a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blcollection1/blwindow01a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/blcollection1/blwindow01a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blcollection1/blwindow01a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blcollection1/blwindow01a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/blcollection1/blwindow01a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blcollection1/blwindow01a.wal: 24580 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window_b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/window_b.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/sky1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/sky1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/sky1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/sky1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/sky1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/sky1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/sky1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/sky1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/sky1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood4.jpg: 41308 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood4.wal: 7240 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/ledherring.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/ledherring.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/ledherring.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/ledherring.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/ledherring.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/ledherring.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/ledherring.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/ledherring.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/ledherring.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/ledherring.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/ledherring.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/ledherring.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kotone.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kotone.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kotone.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kotone.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kotone.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kotone.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kotone.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kotone.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kotone.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kotone.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kotone.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kotone.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kor_dday.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kor_dday.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kor_dday.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kor_dday.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kor_dday.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kor_dday.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kor_dday.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kor_dday.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kor_dday.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kor_dday.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kor_dday.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kor_dday.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/tosi.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/tosi.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/tosi.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/tosi.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/tosi.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/tosi.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/tosi.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/tosi.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/tosi.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/tosi.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/tosi.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/tosi.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/eg.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/eg.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/eg.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/eg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/eg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/eg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/eg.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/eg.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/eg.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/eg.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/eg.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/eg.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gungrave.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gungrave.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/gungrave.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gungrave.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gungrave.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/gungrave.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gungrave.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gungrave.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/gungrave.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gungrave.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/gungrave.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/gungrave.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/hellsing.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/hellsing.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/hellsing.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/hellsing.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/hellsing.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/hellsing.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/hellsing.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/hellsing.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/hellsing.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/hellsing.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/hellsing.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/hellsing.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/inmingun.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/inmingun.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/inmingun.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/inmingun.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/inmingun.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/inmingun.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/inmingun.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/inmingun.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/inmingun.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/inmingun.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/inmingun.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/inmingun.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kimhh.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kimhh.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kimhh.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kimhh.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kimhh.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kimhh.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kimhh.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kimhh.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kimhh.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kimhh.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kimhh.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kimhh.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kino.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kino.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kino.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kino.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kino.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kino.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kino.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kino.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kino.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kino.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kino.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kino.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/nacl.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/nacl.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/nacl.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/nacl.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/nacl.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/nacl.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/nacl.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/nacl.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/nacl.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/nacl.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/nacl.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/nacl.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/psg01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/psg01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/psg01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/psg01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/psg01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/psg01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/psg01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/psg01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/psg01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/psg01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/psg01.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/psg01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kansas.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kansas.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kansas.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kansas.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kansas.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kansas.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kansas.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kansas.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kansas.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kansas.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/kansas.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/kansas.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/dokgo_clanmark.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/8th_clanmark.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/8th_clanmark.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/8th_clanmark.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/8th_clanmark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/8th_clanmark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/8th_clanmark.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/8th_clanmark.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/8th_clanmark.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/8th_clanmark.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/8th_clanmark.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/8th_clanmark.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/8th_clanmark.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/minchul.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/minchul.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/minchul.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/minchul.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/minchul.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/minchul.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/minchul.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/minchul.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/minchul.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/minchul.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/lee/minchul.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/lee/minchul.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_light.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_light.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_light.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_light.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_light.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_light.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_light.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_light.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_light.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_light.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/kpur/brcv4aa.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/kpur/brcv4aa.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/kpur/brcv4aa.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/kpur/brcv4aa.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/kpur/brcv4aa.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/kpur/brcv4aa.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/kpur/brcv4aa.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/kpur/brcv4aa.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/kpur/brcv4aa.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/kpur/brcv4aa.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a17.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a17.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a17.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a17.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a17.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/blazsand/pkroof1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/kpur/clrcc2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/kpur/clrcc2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/kpur/clrcc2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/kpur/clrcc2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/kpur/clrcc2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/kpur/clrcc2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/kpur/clrcc2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/kpur/clrcc2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/kpur/clrcc2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/kpur/clrcc2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hl/kpur/clrcc2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hl/kpur/clrcc2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1rt.tga: 71518 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1bk.tga: 86934 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1lf.tga: 77122 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1ft.tga: 106050 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1up.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1up.tga: 97286 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night1dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night1dn.tga: 7742 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/stadium.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/stadium.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/stadium.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/stadium.cfg: 31 bytes
Execing cfg/stadium.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/stadium.txt: 0 bytes
