open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/surfaces/surface29.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/trigger.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/trigger.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/trigger.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/trigger.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/trigger.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/trigger.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/trigger.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/trigger.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/trigger.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/trigger.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/nazflag.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/nazflag.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/nazflag.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/nazflag.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/nazflag.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/nazflag.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/nazflag.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/nazflag.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/nazflag.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/nazflag.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/stone13.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/stone13.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/stone13.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/stone13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/stone13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/stone13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/stone13.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/stone13.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/stone13.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/stone13.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/stone13.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/stone13.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/sturmbhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/sturmbhv2.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/sturmbhv2.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/sturmbhv2.cfg: 29 bytes
Execing cfg/sturmbhv2.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/sturmbhv2.txt: 0 bytes
