open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/table.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/table.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/table.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/table.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/table.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/table.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/table.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/table.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/table.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/table.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/dirtx2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/dirtx2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/dirtx2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/dirtx2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/dirtx2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/dirtx2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/dirtx2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/dirtx2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/dirtx2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/dirtx2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/stucco1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/stucco1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/stucco1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/stucco1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockgrey.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockgrey.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rockgrey.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockgrey.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockgrey.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rockgrey.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockgrey.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockgrey.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rockgrey.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rockgrey.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sbrick6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sbrick6.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sbrick6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sbrick6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sbrick6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sbrick6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sbrick6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sbrick6.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sbrick6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sbrick6.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/red_b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/red_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/red_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/red_b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b5.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/brick_wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/brick_wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/brick_wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/brick_wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/brick_wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/brick_wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/brick_wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/brick_wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/brick_wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/brick_wall1.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/damage1_1.png: 18713 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/damage1_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/cratex2.png: 380198 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cratex2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandpathx.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandpathx.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/sandpathx.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandpathx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandpathx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/sandpathx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandpathx.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandpathx.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/sandpathx.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandpathx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllcbbl2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllcbbl2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/vllcbbl2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllcbbl2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllcbbl2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/vllcbbl2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllcbbl2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllcbbl2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/vllcbbl2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/vllcbbl2.wal: 13700 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/staing2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/staing2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/staing2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/staing2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/staing2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/staing2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/staing2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/staing2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/staing2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/staing2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/staing1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/staing1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/staing1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/staing1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/staing1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/staing1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/staing1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/staing1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/staing1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/staing1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/staing3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/staing3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/staing3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/staing3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/staing3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/staing3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/staing3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/staing3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/staing3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/staing3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/marble1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/marble1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/marble1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/marble1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/marble1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/marble1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/marble1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/marble1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/marble1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/marble1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_floor10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_floor10.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_floor10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_floor10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_floor10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_floor10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_floor10.tga: 788911 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_floor10.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/br_tiles.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/br_tiles.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/br_tiles.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/br_tiles.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete2tone.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete2tone.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/concrete2tone.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete2tone.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete2tone.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/concrete2tone.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete2tone.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete2tone.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/concrete2tone.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/concrete2tone.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkend.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkend.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkend.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_bkend.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/twall_tile.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/twall_tile.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/twall_tile.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/twall_tile.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/twall_tile.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/twall_tile.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/twall_tile.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/twall_tile.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/twall_tile.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/twall_tile.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/tree3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/tree3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/terrain/tree3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/tree3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/tree3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/terrain/tree3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/tree3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/tree3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/terrain/tree3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/tree3.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_door2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_door2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_door2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkup.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkup.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkup.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkup.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_bkup.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/gr_rc_c08.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/gr_rc_c08.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/terrain/gr_rc_c08.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/gr_rc_c08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/gr_rc_c08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/terrain/gr_rc_c08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/gr_rc_c08.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/gr_rc_c08.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/terrain/gr_rc_c08.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/gr_rc_c08.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rockbtm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rockbtm.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_rockbtm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rockbtm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rockbtm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_rockbtm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rockbtm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rockbtm.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_rockbtm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_rockbtm.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/tunnel.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/tunnel.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/tunnel.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/tunnel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/tunnel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/tunnel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/tunnel.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/tunnel.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/tunnel.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/tunnel.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockwal2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockwal2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rockwal2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockwal2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockwal2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rockwal2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockwal2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rockwal2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rockwal2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rockwal2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_tabletop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_tabletop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_tabletop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_tabletop.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/face1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/face1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/face1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/face1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_window2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_window2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_window2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/da_bwall1a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1a.jpg: 101184 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_bwall1a.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/da_bwall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1.jpg: 223314 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_bwall1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/trim_wallpaper_drty.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wlpr_drtyckred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wlpr_drtyckred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/trim_wlpr_drtyckred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wlpr_drtyckred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wlpr_drtyckred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/trim_wlpr_drtyckred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wlpr_drtyckred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wlpr_drtyckred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/trim_wlpr_drtyckred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/trim_wlpr_drtyckred.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_checker3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_checker3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_checker3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_checker3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_checker3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_checker3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_checker3.tga: 786450 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_checker3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_carpet2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_carpet2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/mr_carpet2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_carpet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_carpet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/mr_carpet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_carpet2.tga: 788443 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/mr_carpet2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b6.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b6.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b6.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/flag1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/flag1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/terrain/flag1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/flag1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/flag1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/terrain/flag1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/flag1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/flag1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/terrain/flag1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/textures/terrain/flag1_2.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/flag2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/flag2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/terrain/flag2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/flag2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/flag2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/terrain/flag2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/flag2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/terrain/flag2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/terrain/flag2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/textures/terrain/flag2.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window_b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/window_b.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_asphalt.png: 465603 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_asphalt.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/stair1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/stair1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/stair1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/stair1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sand.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sand.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sand.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sand.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sand.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sand.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sand.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sand.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sand.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sand.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/zabhraz.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/zabhraz.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/zabhraz.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/zabhraz.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/zabhraz.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/zabhraz.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/zabhraz.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/zabhraz.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/zabhraz.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/zabhraz.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wood_door_message.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wood_door_message.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/wood_door_message.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wood_door_message.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wood_door_message.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/wood_door_message.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wood_door_message.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/wood_door_message.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/wood_door_message.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/wood_door_message.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/concrete.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/concrete.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/concrete.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/concrete.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tableside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tableside.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_tableside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tableside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tableside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_tableside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tableside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tableside.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_tableside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_tableside.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_table.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_table.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_table.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_table.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_table.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bedsheet.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_fuhrer1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_fuhrer1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_fuhrer1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_fuhrer1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_fuhrer1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_fuhrer1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_fuhrer1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_fuhrer1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_fuhrer1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_fuhrer1.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_mona.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_mona.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_mona.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_mona.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_mona.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_mona.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_mona.tga: 190966 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_mona.wal: 6900 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_knight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_knight.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_knight.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_knight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_knight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_knight.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_knight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_knight.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_knight.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_knight.wal: 6900 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandyx.png: 92421 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandyx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/dirttograss.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/dirttograss.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/dirttograss.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/dirttograss.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/dirttograss.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/dirttograss.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/dirttograss.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/dirttograss.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/dirttograss.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/dirttograss.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/white_wood.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/white_wood.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/white_wood.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/white_wood.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/white_wood.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/white_wood.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/white_wood.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/white_wood.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/white_wood.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/white_wood.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/boat.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/boat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/boat.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/boat.wal: 3160 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/omaha/minen.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/omaha/minen.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/omaha/minen.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/omaha/minen.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/omaha/minen.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/omaha/minen.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/omaha/minen.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/omaha/minen.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/omaha/minen.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/omaha/minen.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_tile62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_tile62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_tile62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_tile62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_tile62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_tile62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_tile62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_tile62.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_tile62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_tile62.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/dirtrubble.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/dirtrubble.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/dirtrubble.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/dirtrubble.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/dirtrubble.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/dirtrubble.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/dirtrubble.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/dirtrubble.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/dirtrubble.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/dirtrubble.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood17.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood17.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_wood17.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_wood17.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood17.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/wall1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/wall1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/wall1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wall1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/windowx.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/windowx.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/windowx.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/windowx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/windowx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/windowx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/windowx.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/windowx.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/windowx.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/windowx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/roofrck1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/roofrck1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/roofrck1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/roofrck1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/roofrck1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/roofrck1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/roofrck1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/roofrck1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/roofrck1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/roofrck1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pipesmth.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pipesmth.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/pipesmth.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pipesmth.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pipesmth.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/pipesmth.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pipesmth.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/pipesmth.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/pipesmth.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/pipesmth.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/kolo.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/kolo.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/kolo.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/kolo.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/kolo.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/kolo.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/kolo.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/kolo.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/kolo.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/kolo.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a12.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a12.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a12.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/radioside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/radioside.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/radioside.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/radioside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/radioside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/radioside.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/radioside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/radioside.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/radioside.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/radioside.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/titantiles.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/titantiles.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/titantiles.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/titantiles.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/titantiles.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/titantiles.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/titantiles.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/titantiles.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/titantiles.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/titantiles.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ddbasc01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ddbasc01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/ddbasc01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ddbasc01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ddbasc01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/ddbasc01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ddbasc01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ddbasc01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/ddbasc01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/ddbasc01.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bldng4.wal: 49060 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bedsheet2.wal: 13700 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/0798water.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/0798water.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/0798water.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/0798water.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/0798water.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/0798water.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/0798water.tga: 786971 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/0798water.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/leggy.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/leggy.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/leggy.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/leggy.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/leggy.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/leggy.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/leggy.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/leggy.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/leggy.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/leggy.wal: 24580 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag2.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/navod.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/navod.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/navod.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/navod.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/navod.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/navod.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/navod.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/navod.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/navod.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/navod.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/record.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/record.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/record.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/record.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/record.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/record.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/record.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/record.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/record.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/record.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/facade1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/facade1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/facade1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/facade1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/facade1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/facade1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/facade1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/facade1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/facade1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/facade1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/phonograph_side.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/phonograph_side.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/phonograph_side.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/phonograph_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/phonograph_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/phonograph_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/phonograph_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/phonograph_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/phonograph_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/phonograph_side.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/phonograph_top.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/phonograph_top.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/phonograph_top.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/phonograph_top.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/phonograph_top.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/phonograph_top.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/phonograph_top.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/phonograph_top.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/phonograph_top.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/phonograph_top.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/blesk1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/blesk1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/blesk1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/blesk1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/blesk1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/blesk1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/blesk1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/blesk1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/blesk1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/blesk1.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blesk2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blesk2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/blesk2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blesk2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blesk2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/blesk2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blesk2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blesk2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/blesk2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blesk2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/blesk2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/blesk2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/usflag1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/usflag1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/usflag1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/usflag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/usflag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/usflag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/usflag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/usflag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/usflag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/usflag1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/deadbods/dude/tris.md2: 22856 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/deadbods/dude/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/deadbods/dude/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/deadbods/dude/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/deadbods/dude/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/deadbods/dude/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/deadbods/dude/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/deadbods/dude/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/deadbods/dude/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/deadbods/dude/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/deadbods/dude/skin.pcx: 51658 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srrt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srrt.tga: 107010 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srbk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srbk.tga: 118770 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srlf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srlf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srlf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srlf.tga: 117266 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srft.tga: 116058 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srup.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srup.tga: 228498 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srdn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srdn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srdn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srdn.tga: 2066 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/mov_watr.wav: 88250 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/stp_watr.wav: 46612 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/leggy/hrom.wav: 132386 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/leggy/dest.wav: 113112 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/leggy/pozdrav.wav: 375540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/leggy/alici.wav: 152904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/leggy/jendnes.wav: 948170 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday2/marble.wav: 19724 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday2/gate.wav: 17764 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/switches/butn2.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday2/locked.wav: 9880 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday2/eerie.wav: 354668 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/leggy/axisaci.wav: 60970 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/amb10.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/sturm.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/sturm.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/sturm.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/sturm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/sturm.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/sturm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/sturm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/sturm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/sturm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/sturm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/sturm.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/sturm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/sturm.pcx: 16831 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Eisenhower connected.
Goering connected.
Goering joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_medic.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_medic.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_medic.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_medic.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_medic.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_medic.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_medic.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_medic.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_medic.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/class_medic.pcx: 92238 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_medic_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_medic_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_medic_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_medic_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_medic_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_medic_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_medic_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_medic_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_medic_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/players/grm/class_medic_i.pcx: 1940 bytes
Eisenhower joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_engineer.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_engineer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_engineer.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/class_engineer.pcx: 100214 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/weapon.md2: 15904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_engineer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_engineer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_engineer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_engineer_i.pcx: 2165 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak1.pak/sound/usa/shout/attack1.wav: 15372 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/sturm.cfg: 31 bytes
Execing cfg/sturm.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/sturm.txt: 0 bytes
