open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/debris/schutt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood78.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file 
or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/wall_stein5.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/bldface/build194.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/propm01.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/propm01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/stone13.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/stone13.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/stone13.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/stone13.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/stone13.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/stone13.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/stone13.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/stone13.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/stone13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/stone13.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/extwall/stone13.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/extwall/stone13.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/sturmbh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/sturmbh.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/sturmbh.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Speirs connected.
VerBOTen connected.
Blithe connected.
Lars connected.
Audie connected.
Goebbels connected.
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/sturmbh.cfg: 29 bytes
Execing cfg/sturmbh.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/sturmbh.txt: 0 bytes
