open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt82.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt82.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt82.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt82.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt82.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt82.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt82.tga: 261938 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt82.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt90.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt90.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt90.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt90.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt90.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rkdrt90.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt90.tga: 262274 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rkdrt90.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rockm01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rockm01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm01.tga: 258248 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm01.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm07.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rockm07.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/rock/rockm07.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm07.tga: 258765 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/rock/rockm07.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/jungle/boden_fels.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood74.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood74.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood74.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood74.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood74.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood74.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood74.tga: 256448 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood74.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood52.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood52.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood52.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood52.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood52.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood52.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood52.tga: 65105 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood52.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement08.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement08.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement08.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/cement/cement08.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement08.tga: 258287 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/cement/cement08.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass21.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass21.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass21.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass21.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass21.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/grass/grass21.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass21.tga: 262544 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/grass/grass21.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/trigger.png: 288 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/trigger.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/black.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/black.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/black.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/black.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/black.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/black.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/black.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/extra/black.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/extra/black.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/extra/black.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/usflag1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/usflag1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/usflag1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/usflag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/usflag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/usflag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/usflag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/usflag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/usflag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/usflag1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/bullseye.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop12.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/prop12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop12.tga: 64173 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/prop12.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/prop/box_side_1.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood38.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood38.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood38.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood38.tga: 249673 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood38.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood57.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood57.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood57.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood57.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood57.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood57.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood57.tga: 260193 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood57.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood88.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood88.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood88.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood88.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood88.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/wood/wood88.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood88.tga: 258857 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/wood/wood88.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door60.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door60.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door60.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door60.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door60.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/hires/doors/door60.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door60.tga: 257898 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/hires/doors/door60.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/-3sand.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/-3sand.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/-3sand.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/-3sand.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/-3sand.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/-3sand.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/-3sand.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/-3sand.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/-3sand.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/-3sand.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_shotgun/tris.md2: 11704 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_shotgun/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_shotgun/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_shotgun/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_shotgun/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_shotgun/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_shotgun/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_shotgun/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_shotgun/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_shotgun/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_shotgun/skin.pcx: 26984 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_shotgun/tris.md2: 224332 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_shotgun/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_shotgun/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_shotgun/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_shotgun/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_shotgun/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_shotgun/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_shotgun/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_shotgun/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_shotgun/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_shotgun/skin.pcx: 26305 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/shells/tris.md2: 6048 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_shotgun.md2: 269344 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nambu/tris.md2: 20032 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nambu/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nambu/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_nambu/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nambu/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nambu/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_nambu/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nambu/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nambu/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_nambu/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nambu/skin.pcx: 19127 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nambu/tris.md2: 356092 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_arisaka/tris.md2: 21748 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisakas/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisakas/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_arisakas/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisakas/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisakas/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_arisakas/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisakas/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisakas/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_arisakas/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisakas/skin.pcx: 29282 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisaka/trisb.md2: 433400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisaka/skinb.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisaka/skinb.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_arisaka/skinb.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisaka/skinb.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisaka/skinb.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_arisaka/skinb.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisaka/skinb.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisaka/skinb.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_arisaka/skinb.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisaka/skinb.pcx: 33314 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_100/tris.md2: 20540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_100/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_100/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/g_type_100/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_100/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_100/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/g_type_100/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_100/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_100/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/g_type_100/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_100/skin.pcx: 34861 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_100/tris.md2: 296036 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_100/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_100/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_type_100/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_100/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_100/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_type_100/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_100/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_100/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_type_100/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_100/skin.pcx: 34861 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_99/tris.md2: 26368 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_99/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_99/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_type_99/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_99/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_99/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_type_99/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_99/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_99/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_type_99/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_99/skin.pcx: 26599 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_type_99/tris.md2: 346508 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_arisakas/tris.md2: 23224 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_arisakas/tris.md2: 368128 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_katana/tris.md2: 5368 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_katana/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_katana/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_katana/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_katana/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_katana/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_katana/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_katana/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_katana/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_katana/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_katana/skin.pcx: 31565 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_katana/tris.md2: 84268 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_molotov/tris.md2: 5512 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.pcx: 69204 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/tris.md2: 94832 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nade/tris.md2: 2920 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/g_nade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/g_nade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/g_nade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nade/skin.pcx: 24258 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nade/tris.md2: 240972 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_nade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_nade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_nade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_nade/skin.pcx: 42831 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/jpn/pistolmag/tris.md2: 4896 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/jpn/riflemag/tris.md2: 12096 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/jpn/smgmag/tris.md2: 2896 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/jpn/lmgmag/tris.md2: 3008 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/tris.md2: 1025124 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/w_nambu.md2: 414820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nambu/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nambu/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/g_nambu/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nambu/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nambu/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/g_nambu/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nambu/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nambu/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/g_nambu/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_nambu/skin.pcx: 19127 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/w_arisaka.md2: 415428 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_arisaka/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_arisaka/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/g_arisaka/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_arisaka/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_arisaka/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/g_arisaka/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_arisaka/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_arisaka/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/g_arisaka/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_arisaka/skin.pcx: 30344 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/w_type_100.md2: 369672 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/w_type_99.md2: 589388 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_99/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_99/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/g_type_99/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_99/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_99/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/g_type_99/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_99/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_99/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/g_type_99/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_type_99/skin.pcx: 26599 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/w_panzer.md2: 183760 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/w_arisakas.md2: 441912 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/a_97_grenade.md2: 55212 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/w_katana.md2: 151388 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/tris.md2: 980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/debris1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/debris1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/debris1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/debris1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/skin.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_shotgun.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_shotgun.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_shotgun.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_shotgun.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_shotgun.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_shotgun.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_shotgun.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_shotgun.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_shotgun.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_shotgun.pcx: 1369 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_nambu.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_nambu.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_nambu.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_nambu.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_nambu.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_nambu.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_nambu.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_nambu.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_nambu.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_nambu.pcx: 1254 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_arisaka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_arisaka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_arisaka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_arisaka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_arisaka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_arisaka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_arisaka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_arisaka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_arisaka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_arisaka.pcx: 1668 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_type_100.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_type_100.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_type_100.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_type_100.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_type_100.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_type_100.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_type_100.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_type_100.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_type_100.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_type_100.pcx: 1748 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_type_99.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_type_99.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_type_99.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_type_99.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_type_99.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_type_99.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_type_99.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_type_99.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_type_99.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_type_99.pcx: 1669 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_arisakas.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_arisakas.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_arisakas.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_arisakas.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_arisakas.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_arisakas.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_arisakas.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_arisakas.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_arisakas.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_arisakas.pcx: 1760 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_katana.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_katana.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_katana.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_katana.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_katana.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_katana.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_katana.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_katana.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_katana.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_katana.pcx: 1235 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_nambu.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_nambu.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_nambu.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_nambu.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_nambu.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_nambu.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_nambu.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_nambu.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_nambu.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/a_nambu.pcx: 1096 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_arisaka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_arisaka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_arisaka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_arisaka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_arisaka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_arisaka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_arisaka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_arisaka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_arisaka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/a_arisaka.pcx: 1284 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_arisakas.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_arisakas.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_arisakas.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_arisakas.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_arisakas.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_arisakas.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_arisakas.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_arisakas.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_arisakas.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/a_arisakas.pcx: 1284 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_jpn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_jpn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/scope_jpn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_jpn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_jpn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/scope_jpn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_jpn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_jpn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/scope_jpn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/scope_jpn.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_jpn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_jpn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/victory_jpn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_jpn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_jpn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/victory_jpn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_jpn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_jpn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/victory_jpn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/victory_jpn.pcx: 6365 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/bluert.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/bluert.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/bluert.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/bluert.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/bluert.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/bluert.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/bluert.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/bluebk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/bluebk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/bluebk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/bluebk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/bluebk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/bluebk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/bluebk.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/bluelf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/bluelf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/bluelf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/bluelf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/bluelf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/bluelf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/bluelf.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/blueft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/blueft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueft.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueup.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/blueup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/blueup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueup.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/bluedn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/bluedn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/bluedn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/bluedn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/bluedn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/bluedn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/bluedn.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/shotgun/fire.wav: 34902 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/shotgun/reload.wav: 18932 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/nambu/fire.wav: 46810 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/nambu/reload.wav: 12470 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/nambu/unload.wav: 13842 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/arisaka/fire.wav: 69996 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/arisaka/lastround.wav: 69996 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/arisaka/reload.wav: 24904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/arisaka/unload.wav: 28140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/type_100/fire.wav: 42882 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/type_100/reload.wav: 27784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/type_100/unload.wav: 14486 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/type_99/fire.wav: 80714 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/type_99/reload.wav: 46380 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/type_99/unload.wav: 24330 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/arisakas/fire.wav: 63646 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/arisakas/lastround.wav: 63646 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/arisakas/reload.wav: 24904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/arisakas/unload.wav: 28140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/victory.wav: 618990 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/misc/windfly.wav: 87076 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/june6/arta2.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/june6/arta2.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/june6/arta2.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/battle1.wav: 621612 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/june6/dogfight2441.wav: 114370 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/5insx.wav: 54998 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/june6/ambience.wav: 800174 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/june6/tank2.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/june6/tank2.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/june6/tank2.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/cherbourg/warwind.wav: 388598 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/cherbourg/p51_flyby2.wav: 92460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/coco/machine_gun.wav: 127692 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dinant/flyby.wav: 85430 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/june6/brawl.wav: 42492 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/cricket1.wav: 80923 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/inland/flies.wav: 96688 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/june6/mosquito441.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/june6/mosquito441.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/june6/mosquito441.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/wind01.wav: 66512 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/june6/bees441.wav: 102602 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/surreal/cicada3.wav: 64592 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/june6/battlehymn3.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/june6/battlehymn3.wav: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sound/june6/battlehymn3.wav: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/suribachibh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/suribachibh.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/suribachibh.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/suribachibh.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/suribachibh.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/suribachibh.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/suribachibh.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/suribachibh.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/suribachibh.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/suribachibh.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/suribachibh.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/suribachibh.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/suribachibh.pcx: 34001 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/jpn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/jpn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/teams/jpn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/jpn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/jpn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/teams/jpn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/jpn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/jpn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/teams/jpn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/teams/jpn.pcx: 1969 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
G.I. Joe connected.
Takumi connected.
G.I. Joe joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/usmc_infantry.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/usmc_infantry.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/usmc_infantry.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/usmc_infantry.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/usmc_infantry.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/usmc_infantry.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/usmc_infantry.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/usmc_infantry.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/usmc_infantry.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/usmc_infantry.pcx: 121593 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/weapon.md2: 15904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/usmc_infantry_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/usmc_infantry_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/usmc_infantry_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/usmc_infantry_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/usmc_infantry_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/usmc_infantry_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/usmc_infantry_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/usmc_infantry_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/usmc_infantry_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/usmc_infantry_i.pcx: 2165 bytes
Takumi joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/class_engineer.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/class_engineer.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/jpn/class_engineer.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/class_engineer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/class_engineer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/jpn/class_engineer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/class_engineer.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/class_engineer.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/jpn/class_engineer.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/class_engineer.pcx: 119814 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/weapon.md2: 12680 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_fists.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_fists.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/w_fists.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_fists.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_fists.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/w_fists.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_fists.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_fists.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/w_fists.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_fists.pcx: 961 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/class_engineer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/class_engineer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/jpn/class_engineer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/class_engineer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/class_engineer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/jpn/class_engineer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/class_engineer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/jpn/class_engineer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/jpn/class_engineer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/players/jpn/class_engineer_i.pcx: 1969 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/jpn/shout/move1.wav: 47380 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/suribachibh.cfg: 28 bytes
Execing cfg/suribachibh.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/suribachibh.txt: 0 bytes
