open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_formica1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_formica1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/grass1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/grass1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/grass1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/grass1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/grass1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/grass1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/grass1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/grass1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/grass1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/grass1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brwater.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brwater.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/brwater.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brwater.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brwater.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/brwater.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brwater.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/brwater.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/brwater.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/brwater.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/zedkamen.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/zedkamen.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/zedkamen.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/zedkamen.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/zedkamen.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/zedkamen.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/zedkamen.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/zedkamen.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/zedkamen.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/zedkamen.wal: 59940 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_a4.png: 335036 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_a4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/zedpilir.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/zedpilir.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/zedpilir.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/zedpilir.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/zedpilir.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/zedpilir.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/zedpilir.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/zedpilir.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/zedpilir.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/zedpilir.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/zabhraz.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/zabhraz.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/zabhraz.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/zabhraz.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/zabhraz.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/zabhraz.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/zabhraz.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/zabhraz.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/zabhraz.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/zabhraz.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/lcpside2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/lcpside2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/lcpside2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/lcpside2.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/tunnel.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/tunnel.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/tunnel.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/tunnel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/tunnel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/tunnel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/tunnel.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/tunnel.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/tunnel.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/tunnel.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/damage1_1.png: 18713 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/damage1_1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricks2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricks2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bricks2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricks2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricks2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bricks2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricks2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bricks2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bricks2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bricks2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/street1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/street1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/street1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/street1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/street1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/street1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/street1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/street1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/street1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/street1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal46_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal46_4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metal46_4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal46_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal46_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metal46_4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal46_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/metal46_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/metal46_4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/metal46_4.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/most.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/most.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/most.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/most.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/most.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/most.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/most.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/most.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/most.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/most.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/profil.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/profil.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/profil.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/profil.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/profil.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/profil.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/profil.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/profil.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/profil.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/profil.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/birck_wall.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/birck_wall.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/birck_wall.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/birck_wall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/birck_wall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/birck_wall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/birck_wall.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/birck_wall.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/birck_wall.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/birck_wall.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_window2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_window2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_window2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/asphalt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/asphalt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/asphalt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/asphalt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/asphalt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/asphalt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/asphalt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/asphalt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/asphalt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/asphalt.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/stucco1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/stucco1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/stucco1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/stucco1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/stucco1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng11.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng11.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng11.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng11.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng11.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bldng11.wal: 54500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete2tone.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete2tone.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/concrete2tone.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete2tone.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete2tone.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/concrete2tone.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete2tone.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete2tone.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/concrete2tone.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/concrete2tone.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rtile.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rtile.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rtile.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rtile.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rtile.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rtile.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rtile.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rtile.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rtile.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rtile.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a15.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a15.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a15.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a15.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a15.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a15.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a15.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a15.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/wallpaperd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/wallpaperd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/wallpaperd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/windowx.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/windowx.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/windowx.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/windowx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/windowx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/windowx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/windowx.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/windowx.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/windowx.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/windowx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_carpet2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_carpet2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/mr_carpet2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_carpet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_carpet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/mr_carpet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_carpet2.tga: 788443 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/mr_carpet2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b12.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b12.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b12.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b12.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b12.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b12.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b5.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/mr_rock2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/mr_rock2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/mr_rock2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/mr_rock2.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/da_bwall1a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1a.jpg: 101184 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_bwall1a.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_bwall1b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a4.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/plakat1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/plakat1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/plakat1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/plakat1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/plakat1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/plakat1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/plakat1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/plakat1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/plakat1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/plakat1.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/knihy.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/knihy.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/knihy.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/knihy.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/knihy.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/knihy.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/knihy.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/knihy.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/knihy.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/knihy.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/concrete.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/concrete.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/concrete.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/concrete.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/concrete.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/br_tiles.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/br_tiles.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/br_tiles.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/br_tiles.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_checker3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_checker3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_checker3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_checker3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_checker3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_checker3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_checker3.tga: 786450 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_checker3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/stair1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/stair1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/stair1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/stair1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a13.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a13.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a13.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a13.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a13.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a13.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a13.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a13.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_tabletop.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_tabletop.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_tabletop.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_tabletop.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_tabletop.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_wine2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_wine2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_wine2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_wine2.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_wine.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_wine.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_wine.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_wine.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_wine.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a10.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a10.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a10.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a10.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rooftop1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rooftop1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rooftop1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rooftop1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rooftop1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rooftop1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rooftop1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/rooftop1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/rooftop1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/rooftop1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door76_128x256.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door76_128x256.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door76_128x256.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door76_128x256.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door76_128x256.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door76_128x256.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door76_128x256.tga: 98843 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/door76_128x256.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_window1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_window1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_window1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_window1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_greenroof.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_greenroof.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/da_greenroof.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_greenroof.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_greenroof.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/da_greenroof.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_greenroof.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_greenroof.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/da_greenroof.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_greenroof.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bldng4.wal: 49060 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_floor10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_floor10.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_floor10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_floor10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_floor10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_floor10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_floor10.tga: 788911 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_floor10.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickbtm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickbtm.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_brickbtm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickbtm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickbtm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_brickbtm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickbtm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickbtm.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_brickbtm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_brickbtm.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_browna.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_browna.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/da_browna.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_browna.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_browna.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/da_browna.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_browna.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_browna.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/da_browna.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_browna.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/red_b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/red_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/red_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/red_b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_win.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_win.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/red_win.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_win.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_win.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/red_win.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_win.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_win.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/red_win.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/red_win.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_b_b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_b_b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/red_b_b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_b_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_b_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/red_b_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_b_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/red_b_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/red_b_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/red_b_b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a3.tga: 197659 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/wallpaperd_old.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_formica3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_formica3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_formica3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_formica3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bedsheet2.wal: 13700 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxsd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxsd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_boxsd.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_boxsd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_boxsd.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_bkfnt2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_btm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_btm.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_btm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_btm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_btm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_btm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_btm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_btm.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_btm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_btm.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bldng14.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/twallgrey_tile.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/twallgrey_tile.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/twallgrey_tile.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/twallgrey_tile.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/twallgrey_tile.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/twallgrey_tile.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/twallgrey_tile.tga: 784209 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/twallgrey_tile.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bedsheet.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/white_wood.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/white_wood.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/white_wood.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/white_wood.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/white_wood.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/white_wood.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/white_wood.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/white_wood.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/white_wood.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/white_wood.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brick20.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brick20.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brick20.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brick20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brick20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brick20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brick20.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brick20.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brick20.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brick20.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickwin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickwin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_brickwin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickwin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickwin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_brickwin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickwin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_brickwin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_brickwin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_brickwin.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sbrick6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sbrick6.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sbrick6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sbrick6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sbrick6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sbrick6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sbrick6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sbrick6.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sbrick6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sbrick6.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllroof.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllroof.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/vllroof.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllroof.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllroof.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/vllroof.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllroof.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/vllroof.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/vllroof.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/vllroof.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window_b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/window_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/window_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/window_b.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/hospoda.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/hospoda.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/hospoda.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/hospoda.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/hospoda.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/hospoda.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/hospoda.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/hospoda.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/leggy/hospoda.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/leggy/hospoda.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/portapt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/portapt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/portapt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/portapt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/portapt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/portapt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/portapt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/portapt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/portapt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/portapt.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wood1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wood1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/wood1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wood1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wood1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/wood1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wood1.tga: 294312 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wood1.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/face1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/face1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/face1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/face1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/face1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles_broke2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles_broke2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/br_tiles_broke2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles_broke2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles_broke2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/br_tiles_broke2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles_broke2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles_broke2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/br_tiles_broke2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/br_tiles_broke2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a6.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/a6.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/a6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a6.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/b.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/stair2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/stair2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/stair2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/stair2.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/boat.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/boat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/boat.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/boat.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/boat.wal: 3160 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandyx.png: 92421 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandyx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_tile62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_tile62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_tile62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_tile62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_tile62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_tile62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_tile62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_tile62.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_tile62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_tile62.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door30_128x256.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door30_128x256.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door30_128x256.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door30_128x256.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door30_128x256.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door30_128x256.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door30_128x256.tga: 98843 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/door30_128x256.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkend.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkend.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkend.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_bkend.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkfnt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkfnt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkfnt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkfnt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_bkfnt.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door_123.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door_123.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door_123.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door_123.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door_123.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door_123.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door_123.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door_123.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door_123.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/door_123.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ladder.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ladder.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/ladder.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ladder.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ladder.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/ladder.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ladder.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ladder.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/ladder.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/ladder.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wlpr_drtyckred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wlpr_drtyckred.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/trim_wlpr_drtyckred.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wlpr_drtyckred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wlpr_drtyckred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/trim_wlpr_drtyckred.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wlpr_drtyckred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/trim_wlpr_drtyckred.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/trim_wlpr_drtyckred.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/trim_wlpr_drtyckred.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door1.tga: 393234 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/door1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door_105.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door_105.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door_105.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door_105.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door_105.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door_105.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door_105.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door_105.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door_105.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/door_105.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/marble1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/marble1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/marble1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/marble1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/marble1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/marble1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/marble1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/marble1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/marble1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/marble1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/lcpside1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/lcpside1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/lcpside1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/lcpside1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/lcpside1.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/leggy/tloust.md2: 13952 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/leggy/tloust.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/leggy/tloust.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/leggy/tloust.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/leggy/tloust.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/leggy/tloust.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/leggy/tloust.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/leggy/tloust.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/leggy/tloust.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/leggy/tloust.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/leggy/tloust.pcx: 14739 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntrt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntrt.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntbk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntbk.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntlf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntlf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntlf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntlf.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntft.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntup.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntup.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntdn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntdn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntdn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/grnplsntdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/grnplsntdn.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_strt.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_mid.wav: 784 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/doors/dr1_end.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/mov_watr.wav: 88250 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/stp_watr.wav: 46612 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/leggy/skoda.wav: 814164 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dinant/battle1b.wav: 284894 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dinant/water.wav: 88114 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/battle1.wav: 621612 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday3/openlock.wav: 40364 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/brkglas.wav: 73058 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday2/locked.wav: 9880 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dday2/marble.wav: 19724 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/wind01.wav: 66512 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/p51_flyby.wav: 92460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/sykorak.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/sykorak.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/sykorak.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/sykorak.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/sykorak.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/sykorak.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/sykorak.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/sykorak.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/sykorak.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/sykorak.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/sykorak.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/sykorak.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/sykorak.pcx: 40393 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/sykorak.cfg: 27 bytes
Execing cfg/sykorak.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/sykorak.txt: 0 bytes
