open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/winerack.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/winerack.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/winerack.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/winerack.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/winerack.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/winerack.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/winerack.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/winerack.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/winerack.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/woodsmooth.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/woodsmooth.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/woodsmooth.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/woodsmooth.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/woodsmooth.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/woodsmooth.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/woodsmooth.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/woodsmooth.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/woodsmooth.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/woodsmooth.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/w_sr_m4a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/w_sr_m4a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/w_sr_m4a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/w_sr_m4a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/w_sr_m4a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/w_sr_m4a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/w_sr_m4a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/w_sr_m4a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/w_sr_m4a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/w_sr_m4a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/03zem05.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/03zem05.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/mafia/03zem05.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/03zem05.jpg: 24084 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/03zem05.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/PAYNE/wall06a-3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/payne/wall06a-3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/PAYNE/wall06a-3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/payne/wall06a-3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/PAYNE/wall06a-3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/PAYNE/wall06a-3.jpg: 32608 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/PAYNE/wall06a-3.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_floor10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_floor10.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_floor10.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_floor10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_floor10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_floor10.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_floor10.tga: 788911 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_floor10.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/woodgrey.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/woodgrey.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/woodgrey.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/woodgrey.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/woodgrey.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/woodgrey.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/woodgrey.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/woodgrey.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/woodgrey.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/woodgrey.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/tel_ex09-1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/tel_ex09-1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/tel_ex09-1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/tel_ex09-1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/tel_ex09-1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/tel_ex09-1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/tel_ex09-1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/tel_ex09-1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/tel_ex09-1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/tel_ex09-1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/K_wall131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_wall131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/K_wall131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_wall131.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/K_wall131.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/K_wall131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_wall131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/K_wall131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_wall131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/K_wall131.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/K_wall131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_wall131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/K_wall131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/k_wall131.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/K_wall131.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/K_wall131.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex02-1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex02-1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtext/tel_ex02-1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex02-1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex02-1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtext/tel_ex02-1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex02-1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex02-1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtext/tel_ex02-1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex02-1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window4_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window4_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/aaron/window4_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window4_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window4_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/aaron/window4_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window4_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window4_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/aaron/window4_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window4_1.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window2_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window2_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/aaron/window2_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window2_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window2_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/aaron/window2_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window2_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window2_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/aaron/window2_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window2_2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/PAYNE/wall22a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/payne/wall22a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/PAYNE/wall22a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/payne/wall22a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/PAYNE/wall22a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/PAYNE/wall22a.jpg: 34498 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/PAYNE/wall22a.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/door_arch_double.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/door_arch_double.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/door_arch_double.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/door_arch_double.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/door_arch_double.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/door_arch_double.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/door_arch_double.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/door_arch_double.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/door_arch_double.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/door_arch_double.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_floor8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_floor8.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk2/afrow_floor8.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_floor8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_floor8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk2/afrow_floor8.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_floor8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_floor8.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk2/afrow_floor8.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_floor8.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04a.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall04b.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/@dum144.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/@dum144.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/mafia/@dum144.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/@dum144.jpg: 3752 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/@dum144.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/kl_wallpapar1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/kl_wallpapar1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtext/kl_wallpapar1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/kl_wallpapar1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/kl_wallpapar1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtext/kl_wallpapar1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/kl_wallpapar1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/kl_wallpapar1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtext/kl_wallpapar1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/kl_wallpapar1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/ghouse1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/ghouse1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/ghouse1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/ghouse1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/ghouse1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/ghouse1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/ghouse1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/ghouse1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/ghouse1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/ghouse1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/ghouse2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/ghouse2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/ghouse2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/ghouse2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/ghouse2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/ghouse2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/ghouse2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/ghouse2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/ghouse2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/ghouse2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/m_zpaper.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/m_zpaper.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtext/m_zpaper.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/m_zpaper.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/m_zpaper.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtext/m_zpaper.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/m_zpaper.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/m_zpaper.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtext/m_zpaper.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/m_zpaper.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/mur.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/mur.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtext/mur.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/mur.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/mur.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtext/mur.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/mur.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/mur.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtext/mur.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/mur.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0hpodla2_damaged.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0hpodla2_damaged.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/mafia/0hpodla2_damaged.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0hpodla2_damaged.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0hpodla2_damaged.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/mafia/0hpodla2_damaged.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0hpodla2_damaged.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0hpodla2_damaged.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/mafia/0hpodla2_damaged.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0hpodla2_damaged.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex02-3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex02-3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtext/tel_ex02-3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex02-3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex02-3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtext/tel_ex02-3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex02-3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex02-3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtext/tel_ex02-3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex02-3.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex02-4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex02-4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtext/tel_ex02-4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex02-4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex02-4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtext/tel_ex02-4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex02-4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex02-4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtext/tel_ex02-4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex02-4.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m7.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m7.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/aaron/window1_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/aaron/window1_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/aaron/window1_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window1_2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window2_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window2_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/aaron/window2_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window2_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window2_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/aaron/window2_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window2_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window2_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/aaron/window2_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window2_1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/@hqzed01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/@hqzed01.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/mafia/@hqzed01.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/@hqzed01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/@hqzed01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/mafia/@hqzed01.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/@hqzed01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/@hqzed01.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/mafia/@hqzed01.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/@hqzed01.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window5_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window5_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/aaron/window5_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window5_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window5_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/aaron/window5_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window5_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window5_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/aaron/window5_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window5_1.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0rdvere4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0rdvere4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/mafia/0rdvere4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0rdvere4.jpg: 7166 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0rdvere4.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/mr_tile62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/mr_tile62.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/mr_tile62.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/mr_tile62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/mr_tile62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/mr_tile62.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/mr_tile62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/mr_tile62.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/mr_tile62.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/mr_tile62.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/book_c02l.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/book_c02l.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/book_c02l.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/book_c02l.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/book_c02l.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/book_c02l.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/book_c02l.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/book_c02l.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/book_c02l.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/book_c02l.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/book_c03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/book_c03.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/book_c03.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/book_c03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/book_c03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/book_c03.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/book_c03.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/book_c03.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/karr/book_c03.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/karr/book_c03.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/PAYNE/steeldoor02ba.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/payne/steeldoor02ba.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/PAYNE/steeldoor02ba.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/payne/steeldoor02ba.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/PAYNE/steeldoor02ba.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/PAYNE/steeldoor02ba.jpg: 11920 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/PAYNE/steeldoor02ba.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/PAYNE/shelfboxes01a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/payne/shelfboxes01a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/PAYNE/shelfboxes01a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/payne/shelfboxes01a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/PAYNE/shelfboxes01a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/PAYNE/shelfboxes01a.jpg: 12838 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/PAYNE/shelfboxes01a.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye_side.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/bullseye_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/bullseye_side.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_painting5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_painting5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk2/afrow_painting5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_painting5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_painting5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk2/afrow_painting5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_painting5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_painting5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk2/afrow_painting5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_painting5.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0022.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0022.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0022.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0022.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/FA0022.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0022.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0022.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0022.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0022.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/FA0022.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0022.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0022.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0022.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/fa0022.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/FA0022.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/FA0022.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/stair1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/stair1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/stair1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/stair1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/stair1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/@oltar5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/@oltar5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/mafia/@oltar5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/@oltar5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/@oltar5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/mafia/@oltar5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/@oltar5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/@oltar5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/mafia/@oltar5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/@oltar5.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_end1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_end1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_end1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_end1.wal: 780 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_end2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_end2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_end2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_end2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_end2.wal: 780 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_side.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_side.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_side.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_side.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/ammo_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/ammo_side.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/ammo_side.wal: 2140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_stone4b2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_stone4b2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_stone4b2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_stone4b2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_stone4b2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_stone4b2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_stone4b2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_stone4b2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_stone4b2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_stone4b2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06a.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/painting_old2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/painting_old2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/painting_old2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/painting_old2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/painting_old2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/painting_old2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/painting_old2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/painting_old2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/painting_old2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/painting_old2.wal: 65380 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0ldvere2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0ldvere2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/mafia/0ldvere2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0ldvere2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0ldvere2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/mafia/0ldvere2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0ldvere2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0ldvere2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/mafia/0ldvere2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0ldvere2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_wall_clock1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_wall_clock1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk2/afrow_wall_clock1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_wall_clock1.jpg: 5068 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_wall_clock1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_wall_clock1_dest.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_wall_clock1_dest.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk2/afrow_wall_clock1_dest.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_wall_clock1_dest.jpg: 3624 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_wall_clock1_dest.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_canvas1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_canvas1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_canvas1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_canvas1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_canvas1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_canvas1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_canvas1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_canvas1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/da_canvas1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_canvas1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/italy/poster_00.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/italy/poster_00.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/italy/poster_00.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/italy/poster_00.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/italy/poster_00.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/italy/poster_00.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/italy/poster_00.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/italy/poster_00.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/italy/poster_00.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/italy/poster_00.wal: 150380 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sr_m14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sr_m14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_sr_m14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_sr_m14.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_floor1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_floor1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk/afrow_floor1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_floor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_floor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk/afrow_floor1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_floor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_floor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk/afrow_floor1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk/afrow_floor1.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window1_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window1_1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/aaron/window1_1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window1_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window1_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/aaron/window1_1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window1_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window1_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/aaron/window1_1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/aaron/window1_1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m2z.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m2z.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m2z.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m2z.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m2z.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m2z.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m2z.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m2z.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/metals/mt_sr_m2z.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/metals/mt_sr_m2z.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0048.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0048.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0048.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0048.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0048.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0048.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0048.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0048.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0048.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0048.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0048.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0048.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0048.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0048.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0048.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0048.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/drawers.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/drawers.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/drawers.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/drawers.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/drawers.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/drawers.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/drawers.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/drawers.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/inland/drawers.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/drawers.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0050.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0050.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0050.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0050.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0050.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0050.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0050.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0050.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0050.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0050.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0050.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0050.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0050.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/obj0050.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/asian_babe/Obj0050.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/asian_babe/Obj0050.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/tel_ex09-2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/tel_ex09-2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/tel_ex09-2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/tel_ex09-2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/tel_ex09-2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/tel_ex09-2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/tel_ex09-2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/tel_ex09-2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/tel_ex09-2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/tel_ex09-2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06_2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06_2b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06_2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06_2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06_2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06_2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06_2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06_2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06_2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/pk_dodwall06_2b.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/wood/wd_st_m4d.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/mat1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/mat1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/perez/mat1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/mat1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/mat1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/perez/mat1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/mat1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/mat1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/perez/mat1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/perez/mat1.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window2b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window2b.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window5c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window5c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window5c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window5c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window5c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window5c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window5c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window5c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window5c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window5c.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window5.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door30_128x256.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door30_128x256.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door30_128x256.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door30_128x256.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door30_128x256.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/door30_128x256.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/door30_128x256.tga: 98843 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/door30_128x256.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex12-1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex12-1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtext/tel_ex12-1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex12-1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex12-1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtext/tel_ex12-1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex12-1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex12-1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtext/tel_ex12-1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex12-1.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex12-2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex12-2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtext/tel_ex12-2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex12-2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex12-2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtext/tel_ex12-2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex12-2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex12-2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtext/tel_ex12-2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtext/tel_ex12-2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window2a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window2a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window2a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window2a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window2a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window2a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window2a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_window2a.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/cxbrickfbrkn_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/cxbrickfbrkn_2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/cxbrickfbrkn_2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/cxbrickfbrkn_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/cxbrickfbrkn_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/cxbrickfbrkn_2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/cxbrickfbrkn_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/cxbrickfbrkn_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dod_all/cxbrickfbrkn_2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dod_all/cxbrickfbrkn_2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/kamikaze3/k_door21.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/kamikaze3/k_door21.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/kamikaze3/k_door21.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/kamikaze3/k_door21.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/kamikaze3/k_door21.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/kamikaze3/k_door21.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/kamikaze3/k_door21.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/kamikaze3/k_door21.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/kamikaze3/k_door21.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/kamikaze3/k_door21.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/grass1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/grass1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/grass1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/grass1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/grass1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/grass1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/grass1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/grass1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/grass1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/grass1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/window_b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/window_b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/window_b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/window_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/window_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/window_b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/window_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/window_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/cherbourg/window_b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/cherbourg/window_b.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_door2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_door2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk2/afrow_door2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk2/afrow_door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_door2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_door2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/afrowuk2/afrow_door2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/afrowuk2/afrow_door2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0hdvere.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0hdvere.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/mafia/0hdvere.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0hdvere.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0hdvere.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/mafia/0hdvere.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0hdvere.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0hdvere.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/mafia/0hdvere.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/mafia/0hdvere.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/curtain1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/curtain1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/curtain1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/curtain1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/curtain1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/curtain1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/curtain1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/curtain1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/curtain1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/curtain1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/leather.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/leather.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/leather.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/leather.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/leather.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/leather.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/leather.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/leather.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/pegasus/leather.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/pegasus/leather.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwood.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwood.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/fwood.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwood.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwood.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/fwood.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwood.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwood.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/fwood.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwood.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ground1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ground1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/ground1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ground1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ground1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/ground1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ground1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ground1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/ground1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/ground1.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_formica3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_formica3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/mr_formica3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/mr_formica3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_formica3.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/light2.md2: 11560 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/light2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/light2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/faf/light2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/light2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/light2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/faf/light2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/light2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/light2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/faf/light2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/light2.pcx: 2300 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/light.md2: 6556 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/light.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/light.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/faf/light.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/light.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/light.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/faf/light.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/light.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/light.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/faf/light.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/light.pcx: 2034 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner1/tris.md2: 13700 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/banner1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/banner1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/banner1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/banner1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/banner1/skin.pcx: 49358 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/itabanner2.md2: 13872 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/itabanner.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/itabanner.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/faf/itabanner.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/itabanner.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/itabanner.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/faf/itabanner.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/itabanner.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/itabanner.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/faf/itabanner.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/itabanner.pcx: 56762 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/tree3.md2: 18564 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/tree.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/tree.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/tree.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/tree.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/tree.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/tree.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/tree.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/tree.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/tree.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/tree.pcx: 132492 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/g_tnt/tris.md2: 3404 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/tnt/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/tnt/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/tnt/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/tnt/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/tnt/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/tnt/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/tnt/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/tnt/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/tnt/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/tnt/skin.pcx: 15563 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/v_tnt/tris.md2: 88976 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/v_tnt/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/v_tnt/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/v_tnt/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/v_tnt/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/v_tnt/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/v_tnt/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/v_tnt/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/v_tnt/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/v_tnt/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/v_tnt/skin.pcx: 41519 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_tnt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_tnt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_tnt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_tnt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_tnt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_tnt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_tnt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_tnt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_tnt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/pics/w_tnt.pcx: 1536 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2rt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night2rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night2rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night2rt.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2bk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night2bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night2bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night2bk.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2lf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night2lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night2lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night2lf.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2ft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night2ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night2ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night2ft.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2up.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night2up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night2up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night2up.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2dn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night2dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/night2dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/night2dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/night2dn.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/inland/flies.wav: 96688 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/inland/heart.wav: 58574 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/inland/ancients.wav: 296144 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/cricket.wav: 104664 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/ncrickets.wav: 549200 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/crickets1.wav: 433196 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/inland/owl.wav: 132652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/owl6.wav: 64918 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/windm.wav: 253964 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/thunder.wav: 272424 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/wolfh1.wav: 175468 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/flag.wav: 311668 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/clock.wav: 85827 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/berlim_radio.wav: 602740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/radio-4.wav: 142072 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/motor.wav: 44348 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/tie.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/tie.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/tie.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/tie.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/tie.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/tie.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/tie.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/tie.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/tie.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/tie.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/tie.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/tie.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/tie.pcx: 34515 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
BOTched connected.
BOTskrieg connected.
BOTskrieg joined the game.
BOTched joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_lmg.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_lmg.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_lmg.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_lmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_lmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_lmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_lmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_lmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_lmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/grm/class_lmg.pcx: 82100 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_lmg_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_lmg_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_lmg_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_lmg_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_lmg_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_lmg_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_lmg_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/class_lmg_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/class_lmg_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/players/grm/class_lmg_i.pcx: 1940 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_special.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_special.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_special.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_special.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_special.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_special.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_special.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/class_special.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/class_special.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/class_special.pcx: 104115 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/weapon.md2: 15904 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak1.pak/sound/grm/shout/move2.wav: 20684 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/tie.cfg: 30 bytes
Execing cfg/tie.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/tie.txt: 0 bytes
