open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/clip.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/inland/da_mud.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/hint.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.wal: 43620 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/k_wood8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/k_water2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/k_water2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/k_water2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/k_water2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/k_water2b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/k_water2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/k_water2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/k_water2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/k_water2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/k_water2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/k_water2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/k_water2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/k_water2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/k_water2b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/k_water2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/k_water2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/k_water2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/k_water2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/k_water2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/k_water2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/k_water2b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/k_water2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/k_water2b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/k_water2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/k_water2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex2/k_water2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex2/k_water2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/origin.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/tris.md2: 7168 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/skin.pcx: 9215 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/tris.md2: 126332 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/skin.pcx: 27836 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/tris.md2: 4916 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/skin.pcx: 34838 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/tris.md2: 197204 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/skin.pcx: 39611 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/tris.md2: 6216 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/skin.pcx: 37969 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/tris.md2: 112368 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/skin.pcx: 73665 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/tris.md2: 6868 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/skin.pcx: 15460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/tris.md2: 133564 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/skin.pcx: 25192 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bhmg/tris.md2: 4752 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bhmg/skin.pcx: 18742 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/tris.md2: 171696 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/skin.pcx: 24678 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/tris.md2: 6540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/skin.pcx: 10987 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/tris.md2: 105704 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/skin.pcx: 23554 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/tris.md2: 16372 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/skin.pcx: 50990 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/tris.md2: 305860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/skin.pcx: 90762 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/tris.md2: 8184 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/skin.pcx: 46386 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/tris.md2: 196452 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/skin.pcx: 62929 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/items/ammo/lmg2/tris.md2: 728 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/items/ammo/lmg2/skin.pcx: 2077 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/tris.md2: 1121488 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_colt45.md2: 181676 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_colt45.pcx: 9624 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1.md2: 90004 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1.pcx: 16629 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_thompson.md2: 116976 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_thompson.pcx: 36975 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bar.md2: 128820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bar.pcx: 15460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bhmg.md2: 102568 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bhmg.pcx: 18742 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bazooka.md2: 147272 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bazooka.pcx: 10987 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1903.md2: 351776 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1903.pcx: 50990 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/a_grenade.md2: 56592 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/a_grenade.pcx: 16364 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_flame.md2: 112536 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_flame.pcx: 19125 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_morphine.md2: 120848 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_morphine.pcx: 7774 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_knife.md2: 99544 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_knife.pcx: 10495 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_binoc.md2: 231408 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/tris.md2: 9752 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/skin.pcx: 44076 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m1.pcx: 1874 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_thompson.pcx: 2003 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bar.pcx: 1834 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bhmg.pcx: 2012 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bazooka.pcx: 1757 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m1903.pcx: 1976 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/scope_usa.pcx: 4425 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/victory_usa.pcx: 5894 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherrt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherrt.pcx: 11868 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherbk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherbk.pcx: 11754 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherlf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherlf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherlf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherlf.pcx: 10434 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherft.pcx: 10462 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherup.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherup.pcx: 11854 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherdn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherdn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherdn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherdn.pcx: 3457 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/fire.wav: 17454 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/reload.wav: 7044 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/unload.wav: 6724 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/fire.wav: 29600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/lastround.wav: 58612 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/reload.wav: 9776 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/unload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/fire.wav: 32032 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/reload.wav: 13484 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/unload.wav: 4822 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/fire.wav: 90498 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/reload.wav: 20378 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/unload.wav: 16492 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/fire.wav: 53996 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/reload.wav: 33436 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/unload.wav: 48514 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/fire.wav: 79350 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/reload.wav: 17436 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/rockfly.wav: 82186 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/fire.wav: 73440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/lastround.wav: 158024 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/reload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/unload.wav: 7644 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/victory.wav: 125886 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/surreal/birdsng1.wav: 63046 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bird11.wav: 130220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/stream.wav: 217056 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bird18.wav: 65068 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bird9.wav: 65068 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/b25.wav: 147290 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/beach/thunder.wav: 480336 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/caenamb.wav: 1139458 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/trenchfight.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/trenchfight.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/trenchfight.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/trenchfight.cfg: 30 bytes
Execing cfg/trenchfight.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/trenchfight.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/trenchfight.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/trenches.bsp: 990640 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: trenches
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/trenches.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/trenches.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/trenches.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for trenches.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/trenches.pcx...done.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: trenches
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Trench Warfare
by Afrow UK
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/GRASS1_8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood16.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/wallruffhole.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/wallruff_darker.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/seawall.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E2U1/MUD1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandyrockboard.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_floor10.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wood1.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E3U1/FLORR1_8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E3U1/FLORR2_8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/SKY1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/crate2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brick20.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/barb2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a9.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/gizmo_4.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cement1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_boxsd.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_box.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_boxtop.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/gizmo_7.wal: 3500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/TRIGGER.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/tris.md2: 980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/skin.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srrt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srrt.pcx: 28046 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srbk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srbk.pcx: 30635 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srlf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srlf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srlf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srlf.pcx: 27631 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srft.pcx: 29865 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srup.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srup.pcx: 66976 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srdn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srdn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srdn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/srdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/srdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srdn.pcx: 3457 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dinant/flyby.wav: 85430 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/drip_amb.wav: 420508 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dinant/battle1b.wav: 284894 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/electro.wav: 59958 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/battle1.wav: 621612 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/trenches.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/trenches.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/trenches.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/trenches.pcx: 38651 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/trenches.cfg: 28 bytes
Execing cfg/trenches.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/trenches.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/trenches.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/trench.bsp: 101460 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: trench
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/trench.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/trench.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/trench.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for trench.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/trench.pcx...error.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: trench
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




trench
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandygrass.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/crcity/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/underwater.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/rock2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u2/sky2.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/grass1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/alpine/bush01.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandy_a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/dirt2.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/grass.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gimp/leaves3.wal: 41240 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/barb2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Llamp1/net.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/gladder.wal: 41240 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag2.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/net.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/Llamp1/sandbag1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_rt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_rt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_rt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_rt.pcx: 17741 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_bk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_bk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_bk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_bk.pcx: 16125 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_lf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_lf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_lf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_lf.pcx: 17344 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_ft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_ft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_ft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_ft.pcx: 20275 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_up.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_up.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_up.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_up.pcx: 10016 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_dn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_dn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/unit1_dn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/unit1_dn.pcx: 10933 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/beach/gatling.wav: 1582124 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/trench.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/trench.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/trench.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/trench.cfg: 27 bytes
Execing cfg/trench.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/trench.txt: 0 bytes
