open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/origin.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/tris.md2: 7168 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/skin.pcx: 9215 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/tris.md2: 126332 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/skin.pcx: 27836 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/tris.md2: 4916 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/skin.pcx: 34838 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/tris.md2: 197204 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/skin.pcx: 39611 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/tris.md2: 6216 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/skin.pcx: 37969 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/tris.md2: 112368
 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/skin.pcx: 73665 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/tris.md2: 6868 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/skin.pcx: 15460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/tris.md2: 133564 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/skin.pcx: 25192 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bhmg/tris.md2: 4752 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bhmg/skin.pcx: 18742 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/tris.md2: 171696 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/skin.pcx: 24678 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/tris.md2: 6540 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/skin.pcx: 10987 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/tris.md2: 105704 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/skin.pcx: 23554 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/tris.md2: 16372 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/skin.pcx: 50990 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/tris.md2: 305860 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/skin.pcx: 90762 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/tris.md2: 8184 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/skin.pcx: 46386 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/tris.md2: 196452 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/skin.pcx: 62929 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/items/ammo/lmg2/tris.md2: 728 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/items/ammo/lmg2/skin.pcx: 2077 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/tris.md2: 1121488 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_colt45.md2: 181676 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_colt45.pcx: 9624 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1.md2: 90004 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1.pcx: 16629 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_thompson.md2: 116976 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_thompson.pcx: 36975 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bar.md2: 128820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bar.pcx: 15460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bhmg.md2: 102568 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bhmg.pcx: 18742 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bazooka.md2: 147272 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bazooka.pcx: 10987 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1903.md2: 351776 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1903.pcx: 50990 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/a_grenade.md2: 56592 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/a_grenade.pcx: 16364 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_flame.md2: 112536 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_flame.pcx: 19125 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_morphine.md2: 120848 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_morphine.pcx: 7774 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_knife.md2: 99544 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_knife.pcx: 10495 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_binoc.md2: 231408 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/tris.md2: 9752 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/skin.pcx: 44076 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m1.pcx: 1874 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_thompson.pcx: 2003 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bar.pcx: 1834 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bhmg.pcx: 2012 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bazooka.pcx: 1757 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m1903.pcx: 1976 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/scope_usa.pcx: 4425 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/victory_usa.pcx: 5894 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherrt.tga: 115850 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherbk.tga: 105946 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherlf.tga: 107746 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherft.tga: 106202 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherup.tga: 178970 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherdn.tga: 2066 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/fire.wav: 17454 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/reload.wav: 7044 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/unload.wav: 6724 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/fire.wav: 29600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/lastround.wav: 58612 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/reload.wav: 9776 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/unload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/fire.wav: 32032 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/reload.wav: 13484 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/unload.wav: 4822 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/fire.wav: 90498 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/reload.wav: 20378 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/unload.wav: 16492 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/fire.wav: 53996 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/reload.wav: 33436 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/unload.wav: 48514 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/fire.wav: 79350 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/reload.wav: 17436 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/rockfly.wav: 82186 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/fire.wav: 73440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/lastround.wav: 158024 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/reload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/unload.wav: 7644 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/victory.wav: 125886 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/surreal/birdsng1.wav: 63046 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bird11.wav: 130220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/stream.wav: 217056 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bird18.wav: 65068 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bird9.wav: 65068 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/b25.wav: 147290 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/beach/thunder.wav: 480336 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/caenamb.wav: 1139458 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/trenchfight.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/trenchfight.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/trenchfight.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/trenchfight.cfg: 30 bytes
Execing cfg/trenchfight.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/trenchfight.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/trenchfight.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/trenches.bsp: 990640 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: trenches
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/trenches.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/trenches.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/trenches.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for trenches.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/trenches.pcx...done.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: trenches
AI: FAILED to load nodes file.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
unnamed connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Trench Warfare
by Afrow UK
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/GRASS1_8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood16.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/wallruffhole.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/wallruff_darker.wal: 87140 
bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/seawall.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E2U1/MUD1_1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandyrockboard.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_floor10.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/wood1.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E3U1/FLORR1_8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E3U1/FLORR2_8.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/SKY1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_woodfloor3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/mr_wood3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/crate2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brick20.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/barb2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/a9.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/gizmo_4.wal: 12340 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/cement1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_boxsd.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_box.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_boxtop.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/gizmo_7.wal: 3500 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/E1U1/TRIGGER.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such 
file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or 
directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/tris.md2: 980 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/objects/debris1/skin.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srrt.tga: 107010 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srbk.tga: 118770 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srlf.tga: 117266 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srft.tga: 116058 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srup.tga: 228498 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/env/srdn.tga: 2066 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dinant/flyby.wav: 85430 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/drip_amb.wav: 420508 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/dinant/battle1b.wav: 284894 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/electro.wav: 59958 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/hedge/battle1.wav: 621612 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/trenches.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/trenches.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/trenches.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/trenches.pcx: 38651 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/trenches.cfg: 28 bytes
Execing cfg/trenches.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/trenches.txt: 0 bytes
