open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock5.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex1/k_rock4.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_bush2.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex0/k_cement9c.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dodtex6/k_sandbag1b.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/origin.png: 254 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/origin.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/tris.md2: 7168 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_colt45/skin.pcx: 9215 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/tris.md2: 126332 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_colt45/skin.pcx: 27836 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/tris.md2: 4916 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_m1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_m1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_m1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1/skin.pcx: 34838 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/tris.md2: 197204 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_m1/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_m1/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_m1/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1/skin.pcx: 39611 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/tris.md2: 6216 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_thompson/skin.pcx: 37969 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/tris.md2: 112368 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_thompson/skin.pcx: 73665 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/tris.md2: 6868 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_bar/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_bar/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_bar/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bar/skin.pcx: 15460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/tris.md2: 133564 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_bar/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_bar/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_bar/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bar/skin.pcx: 25192 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bhmg/tris.md2: 4752 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_bhmg/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_bhmg/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_bhmg/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_bhmg/skin.jpg: 426612 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bhmg/skin.pcx: 18742 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/tris.md2: 171696 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bhmg/skin.pcx: 24678 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/tris.md2: 6540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_bazooka/skin.pcx: 10987 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/tris.md2: 105704 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_bazooka/skin.pcx: 23554 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/tris.md2: 16372 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_m1903/skin.pcx: 50990 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/tris.md2: 305860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_m1903/skin.pcx: 90762 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/tris.md2: 8184 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/g_grenade/skin.pcx: 46386 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/tris.md2: 196452 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/weapons/usa/v_grenade/skin.pcx: 62929 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/items/ammo/lmg2/tris.md2: 728 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/lmg2/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/lmg2/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/ammo/lmg2/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/lmg2/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/lmg2/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/ammo/lmg2/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/lmg2/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/lmg2/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/ammo/lmg2/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/models/items/ammo/lmg2/skin.pcx: 2077 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/tris.md2: 1121488 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_colt45.md2: 181676 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_colt45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_colt45.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_colt45.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_colt45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_colt45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_colt45.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_colt45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_colt45.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_colt45.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_colt45.pcx: 9624 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1.md2: 90004 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1.pcx: 16629 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_thompson.md2: 116976 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_thompson.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_thompson.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_thompson.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_thompson.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_thompson.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_thompson.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_thompson.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_thompson.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_thompson.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_thompson.pcx: 36975 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bar.md2: 128820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bar.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bar.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_bar.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bar.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bar.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_bar.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bar.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bar.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_bar.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bar.pcx: 15460 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bhmg.md2: 102568 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bhmg.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bhmg.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_bhmg.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bhmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bhmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_bhmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bhmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bhmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_bhmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bhmg.pcx: 18742 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_bazooka.md2: 147272 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bazooka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bazooka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_bazooka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bazooka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bazooka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_bazooka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bazooka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bazooka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_bazooka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_bazooka.pcx: 10987 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1903.md2: 351776 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1903.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1903.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_m1903.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1903.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1903.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_m1903.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1903.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_m1903.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_m1903.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_m1903.pcx: 50990 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/a_grenade.md2: 56592 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/a_grenade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/a_grenade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/a_grenade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/a_grenade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/a_grenade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/a_grenade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/a_grenade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/a_grenade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/a_grenade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/a_grenade.pcx: 16364 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_flame.md2: 112536 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_flame.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_flame.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/w_flame.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_flame.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_flame.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/w_flame.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_flame.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_flame.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/grm/w_flame.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/grm/w_flame.pcx: 19125 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_morphine.md2: 120848 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_morphine.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_morphine.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_morphine.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_morphine.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_morphine.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_morphine.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_morphine.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_morphine.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_morphine.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_morphine.pcx: 7774 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_knife.md2: 99544 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_knife.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_knife.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_knife.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_knife.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_knife.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_knife.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_knife.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_knife.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/usa/w_knife.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/usa/w_knife.pcx: 10495 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/usa/w_binoc.md2: 231408 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/tris.md2: 9752 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ships/usaplane/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ships/usaplane/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ships/usaplane/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ships/usaplane/skin.pcx: 44076 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_m1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_m1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_m1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m1.pcx: 1874 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_thompson.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_thompson.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_thompson.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_thompson.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_thompson.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_thompson.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_thompson.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_thompson.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_thompson.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_thompson.pcx: 2003 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bar.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bar.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_bar.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bar.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bar.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_bar.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bar.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bar.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_bar.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bar.pcx: 1834 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bhmg.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bhmg.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_bhmg.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bhmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bhmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_bhmg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bhmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bhmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_bhmg.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bhmg.pcx: 2012 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bazooka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bazooka.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_bazooka.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bazooka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bazooka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_bazooka.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bazooka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_bazooka.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_bazooka.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_bazooka.pcx: 1757 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m1903.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m1903.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_m1903.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m1903.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m1903.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_m1903.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m1903.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m1903.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_m1903.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m1903.pcx: 1976 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_usa.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_usa.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/scope_usa.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_usa.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_usa.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/scope_usa.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_usa.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_usa.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/scope_usa.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/scope_usa.pcx: 4425 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_usa.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_usa.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/victory_usa.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_usa.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_usa.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/victory_usa.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_usa.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_usa.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/victory_usa.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/victory_usa.pcx: 5894 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherrt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherrt.tga: 115850 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherbk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherbk.tga: 105946 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherlf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherlf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherlf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherlf.tga: 107746 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherft.tga: 106202 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherup.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherup.tga: 178970 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherdn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherdn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherdn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/cherdn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/cherdn.tga: 2066 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/fire.wav: 17454 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/reload.wav: 7044 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/colt45/unload.wav: 6724 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/fire.wav: 29600 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/lastround.wav: 58612 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/reload.wav: 9776 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1/unload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/fire.wav: 32032 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/reload.wav: 13484 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/unload.wav: 4822 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/fire.wav: 90498 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/reload.wav: 20378 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/unload.wav: 16492 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/fire.wav: 53996 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/reload.wav: 33436 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/unload.wav: 48514 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/fire.wav: 79350 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/reload.wav: 17436 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/rockfly.wav: 82186 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/fire.wav: 73440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/lastround.wav: 158024 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/reload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/unload.wav: 7644 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/victory.wav: 125886 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/surreal/birdsng1.wav: 63046 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bird11.wav: 130220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/stream.wav: 217056 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bird18.wav: 65068 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/bird9.wav: 65068 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/b25.wav: 147290 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/beach/thunder.wav: 480336 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/faf/caenamb.wav: 1139458 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/trenchfight.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/trenchfight.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/trenchfight.loc: No such file or directory
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/trenchfight.cfg: 30 bytes
Execing cfg/trenchfight.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/trenchfight.txt: 0 bytes
