open_file_read: textures/faf/fwood2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwood2.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwood.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwood.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/fwood.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwood.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwood.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/fwood.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwood.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwood.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/fwood.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/fwood.wal: 32740 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/headlt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/headlt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/headlt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/headlt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/headlt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/headlt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/headlt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/headlt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/headlt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/headlt.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/rubble2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/rubble2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/rubble2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/rubble2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/rubble2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/rubble2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/rubble2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/rubble2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/rubble2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/rubble2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/fulltransp.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/fulltransp.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/fulltransp.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/fulltransp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/fulltransp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/fulltransp.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/fulltransp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/fulltransp.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/julhelm/fulltransp.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/julhelm/fulltransp.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/boards.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/boards.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/boards.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/boards.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/boards.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/boards.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/boards.tga: 288084 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/boards.wal: 19140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_window2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_window2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_window2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_window2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_window2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodeditx.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodeditx.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/woodeditx.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodeditx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodeditx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/woodeditx.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodeditx.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodeditx.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/woodeditx.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/woodeditx.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1bt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1bt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg1bt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1bt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1bt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg1bt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1bt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1bt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg1bt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1bt.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/asphalt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/asphalt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/asphalt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/asphalt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/asphalt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/asphalt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/asphalt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/asphalt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/asphalt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/asphalt.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btwd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btwd.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg1btwd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btwd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btwd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg1btwd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btwd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btwd.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg1btwd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btwd.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_windowlip.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_windowlip.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_windowlip.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_windowlip.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_windowlip.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_windowlip.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_windowlip.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_windowlip.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_windowlip.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_windowlip.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/gwall.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/gwall.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/gwall.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/gwall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/gwall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/gwall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/gwall.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/gwall.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/gwall.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/gwall.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg4a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg4a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg4a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg4a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg9a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg9a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg9a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg9a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg9a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg9a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg9a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg9a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg9a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg9a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btpstr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btpstr.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg1btpstr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btpstr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btpstr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg1btpstr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btpstr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btpstr.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg1btpstr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btpstr.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btdr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btdr.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg1btdr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btdr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btdr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg1btdr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btdr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btdr.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg1btdr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg1btdr.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_rckbtm1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_door2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_door2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_door2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_door2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_door2.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkup.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkup.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkup.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkup.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_bkup.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkend.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkend.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_bkend.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_bkend.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_bkend.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bedsheet.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bedsheet.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bedsheet.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/air_duct.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/air_duct.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/air_duct.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/air_duct.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/air_duct.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/air_duct.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/air_duct.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday3/air_duct.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday3/air_duct.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday3/air_duct.wal: 3160 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/wallpaperd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/wallpaperd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/wallpaperd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/wallpaperd.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng14.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng14.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/bldng14.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/bldng14.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/bldng14.wal: 16420 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandyrockboard.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandyrockboard.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/sandyrockboard.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandyrockboard.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandyrockboard.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/sandyrockboard.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandyrockboard.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/beach/sandyrockboard.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/beach/sandyrockboard.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/beach/sandyrockboard.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/panthertrk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/panthertrk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/panthertrk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/panthertrk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/panthertrk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/panthertrk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/panthertrk.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/panthertrk.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/panthertrk.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/panthertrk.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg2bt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg2bt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg2bt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg2bt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg2bt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg2bt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg2bt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg2bt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg2bt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg2bt.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/sky1.png: 685 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/e1u1/sky1.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brick20.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brick20.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brick20.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brick20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brick20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brick20.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brick20.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/brick20.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/brick20.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/brick20.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/treesold.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/treesold.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/treesold.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/treesold.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/treesold.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/treesold.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/treesold.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/treesold.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/treesold.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/treesold.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/muddysnow.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/muddysnow.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/snow/muddysnow.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/muddysnow.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/muddysnow.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/snow/muddysnow.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/muddysnow.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/muddysnow.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/snow/muddysnow.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/muddysnow.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/snowfall.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/snowfall.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/snow/snowfall.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/snowfall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/snowfall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/snow/snowfall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/snowfall.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/snowfall.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/snow/snowfall.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/snowfall.wal: 87140 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/br_tiles.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/br_tiles.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/br_tiles.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/br_tiles.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/br_tiles.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/snowstreet2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/snowstreet2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/snow/snowstreet2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/snowstreet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/snowstreet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/snow/snowstreet2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/snowstreet2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/snowstreet2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/snow/snowstreet2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/snowstreet2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stairsc2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stairsc2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/stairsc2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stairsc2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stairsc2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/stairsc2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stairsc2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stairsc2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/stairsc2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/stairsc2.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/snowdirty.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/snowdirty.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/snow/snowdirty.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/snowdirty.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/snowdirty.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/snow/snowdirty.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/snowdirty.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/snowdirty.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/snow/snowdirty.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/snowdirty.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/snowy_woods_bottom-right.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/snowy_woods_bottom-right.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/snow/snowy_woods_bottom-right.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/snowy_woods_bottom-right.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/snowy_woods_bottom-right.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/snow/snowy_woods_bottom-right.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/snowy_woods_bottom-right.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/snowy_woods_bottom-right.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/snow/snowy_woods_bottom-right.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/snow/snowy_woods_bottom-right.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtbouch.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtbouch.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldgbtbouch.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtbouch.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtbouch.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldgbtbouch.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtbouch.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtbouch.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldgbtbouch.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtbouch.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3btpstr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3btpstr.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg3btpstr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3btpstr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3btpstr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg3btpstr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3btpstr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3btpstr.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg3btpstr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3btpstr.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg5bt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg5bt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg5bt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg5bt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg5bt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg5bt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg5bt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg5bt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg5bt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg5bt.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3c.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg3c.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg3c.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3c.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg3c.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3c.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtdr2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtdr2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldgbtdr2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtdr2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtdr2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldgbtdr2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtdr2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtdr2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldgbtdr2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtdr2.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3btwd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3btwd.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg3btwd.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3btwd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3btwd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg3btwd.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3btwd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3btwd.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg3btwd.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3btwd.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/eagle3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/eagle3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/eagle3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/eagle3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/eagle3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/eagle3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/eagle3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/eagle3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/eagle3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/eagle3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/axtrkpn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/axtrkpn.wal: 3160 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/produce.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/produce.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/produce.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/produce.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/produce.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/produce.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/produce.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/produce.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/viervill/produce.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/viervill/produce.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/doorb.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/doorb.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/doorb.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/doorb.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/doorb.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/doorb.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/doorb.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/doorb.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/doorb.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/doorb.wal: 6220 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucbrick.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucbrick.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_stucbrick.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucbrick.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucbrick.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_stucbrick.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucbrick.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_stucbrick.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_stucbrick.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_stucbrick.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtboul.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtboul.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldgbtboul.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtboul.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtboul.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldgbtboul.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtboul.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtboul.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldgbtboul.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtboul.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldgbt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldgbt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldgbt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbt.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ohouse3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ohouse3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/ohouse3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ohouse3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ohouse3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/ohouse3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ohouse3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/ohouse3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/ohouse3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/ohouse3.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtbwdc.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtbwdc.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldgbtbwdc.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtbwdc.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtbwdc.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldgbtbwdc.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtbwdc.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtbwdc.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldgbtbwdc.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtbwdc.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_btm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_btm.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_btm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_btm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_btm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_btm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_btm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/base_btm.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/base_btm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/base_btm.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtdr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtdr.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldgbtdr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtdr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtdr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldgbtdr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtdr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtdr.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldgbtdr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldgbtdr.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg5b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg5b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg5b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg5b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg5b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg5b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg5b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg5b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg5b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg5b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wndwthng.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wndwthng.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/wndwthng.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wndwthng.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wndwthng.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/wndwthng.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wndwthng.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wndwthng.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/wndwthng.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/wndwthng.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glass1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glass1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/glass1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glass1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glass1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/glass1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glass1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glass1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/glass1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/glass1.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag2.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag4.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag4.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag4.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag4.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag4.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag1.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag3.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag3.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday/sandbag3.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday/sandbag3.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday/sandbag3.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3bt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3bt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg3bt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3bt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3bt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg3bt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3bt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3bt.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg3bt.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3bt.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg3b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg3b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg3b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3b.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3btdr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3btdr.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg3btdr.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3btdr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3btdr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg3btdr.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3btdr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3btdr.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg3btdr.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3btdr.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3a.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg3a.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg3a.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3a.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cnbldg3a.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cnbldg3a.wal: 21860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record6.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/record6.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/record6.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record6.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/record6.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/record6.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cwp2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cwp2b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cwp2b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cwp2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cwp2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cwp2b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cwp2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cwp2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cwp2b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cwp2b.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/wp7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/wp7.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/wp7.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/wp7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/wp7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/wp7.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/wp7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/wp7.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/wp7.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/wp7.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cwp1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cwp1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cwp1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cwp1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cwp1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cwp1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cwp1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cwp1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cwp1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cwp1.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cwp1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cwp1b.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cwp1b.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cwp1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cwp1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cwp1b.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cwp1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cwp1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/faf/cwp1b.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/faf/cwp1b.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_greenroof.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_greenroof.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/da_greenroof.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_greenroof.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_greenroof.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/da_greenroof.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_greenroof.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/dday2/da_greenroof.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/dday2/da_greenroof.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak0.pak/textures/dday2/da_greenroof.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_tt33/tris.md2: 62280 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_tt33/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_tt33/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_tt33/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_tt33/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_tt33/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_tt33/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_tt33/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_tt33/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_tt33/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_tt33/skin.pcx: 32951 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_tt33/tris.md2: 140756 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_m9130/tris.md2: 13564 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_m9130s/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_m9130s/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_m9130s/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_m9130s/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_m9130s/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_m9130s/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_m9130s/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_m9130s/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_m9130s/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_m9130s/skin.pcx: 43745 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_m9130/tris.md2: 215112 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_ppsh41/tris.md2: 9376 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_ppsh41/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_ppsh41/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_ppsh41/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_ppsh41/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_ppsh41/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_ppsh41/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_ppsh41/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_ppsh41/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_ppsh41/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_ppsh41/skin.pcx: 40440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_ppsh41/tris.md2: 172728 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_pps43/tris.md2: 11920 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_pps43/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_pps43/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_pps43/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_pps43/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_pps43/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_pps43/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_pps43/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_pps43/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_pps43/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_pps43/skin.pcx: 36846 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_pps43/tris.md2: 161460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_dpm/tris.md2: 14964 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_dpm/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_dpm/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_dpm/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_dpm/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_dpm/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_dpm/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_dpm/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_dpm/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_dpm/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_dpm/skin.pcx: 33789 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_dpm/tris.md2: 201640 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_panzer/tris.md2: 9656 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_panzer/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_panzer/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_panzer/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_panzer/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_panzer/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_panzer/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_panzer/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_panzer/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_panzer/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_panzer/skin.pcx: 73347 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_panzer/tris.md2: 134800 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_m9130s/tris.md2: 17304 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_m9130s/tris.md2: 198568 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_grenade/tris.md2: 2920 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_grenade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_grenade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/g_grenade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_grenade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_grenade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/g_grenade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_grenade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_grenade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/g_grenade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_grenade/skin.pcx: 18354 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_grenade/tris.md2: 203844 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_grenade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_grenade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_grenade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_grenade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_grenade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_grenade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_grenade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_grenade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_grenade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_grenade/skin.pcx: 45322 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/rus_drum2/tris.md2: 3124 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/rus_pph43/tris.md2: 2168 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/rus_drum1/tris.md2: 3552 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_molotov/tris.md2: 5512 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.pcx: 69204 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/tris.md2: 94832 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/tris.md2: 1121536 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/w_tt33.md2: 190164 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/w_m9130.md2: 223180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/w_ppsh41.md2: 201576 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/w_pps43.md2: 192452 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/w_dpm.md2: 283000 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/w_panzer.md2: 183760 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/w_m9130s.md2: 313564 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/a_f1grenade.md2: 56592 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/a_f1grenade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/a_f1grenade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/a_f1grenade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/a_f1grenade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/a_f1grenade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/a_f1grenade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/a_f1grenade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/a_f1grenade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/a_f1grenade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/a_f1grenade.pcx: 17530 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/j.md2: 21944 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/j.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/j.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/faf/j.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/j.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/j.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/faf/j.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/j.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/j.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/faf/j.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/faf/j.pcx: 57929 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/jjmodel/deadoff.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/mapmodels/jjmodel/deadoff.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/mapmodels/jjmodel/deadoff.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m9130.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m9130.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_m9130.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m9130.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m9130.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_m9130.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m9130.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m9130.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_m9130.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m9130.pcx: 1373 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_ppsh41.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_ppsh41.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_ppsh41.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_ppsh41.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_ppsh41.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_ppsh41.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_ppsh41.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_ppsh41.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_ppsh41.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_ppsh41.pcx: 1483 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_pps43.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_pps43.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_pps43.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_pps43.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_pps43.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_pps43.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_pps43.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_pps43.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_pps43.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_pps43.pcx: 1404 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_dpm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_dpm.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_dpm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_dpm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_dpm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_dpm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_dpm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_dpm.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_dpm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_dpm.pcx: 1623 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m9130s.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m9130s.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_m9130s.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m9130s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m9130s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_m9130s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m9130s.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m9130s.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_m9130s.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m9130s.pcx: 1419 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_rus.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_rus.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/scope_rus.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_rus.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_rus.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/scope_rus.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_rus.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_rus.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/scope_rus.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/scope_rus.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_rus.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_rus.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/victory_rus.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_rus.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_rus.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/victory_rus.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_rus.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_rus.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/victory_rus.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_rus.pcx: 6652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenrt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caenrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caenrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenrt.tga: 2294 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenbk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caenbk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caenbk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenbk.tga: 2250 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenlf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenlf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caenlf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caenlf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenlf.tga: 2294 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caenft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caenft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenft.tga: 2250 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenup.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caenup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caenup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caenup.tga: 2666 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caendn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caendn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caendn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caendn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caendn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/caendn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/caendn.tga: 2066 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/tt33/fire.wav: 66072 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/tt33/reload.wav: 7044 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/tt33/unload.wav: 6724 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/m9130/fire.wav: 57008 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/m9130/lastround.wav: 57020 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/m9130/reload.wav: 37386 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/m9130/unload.wav: 40086 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/ppsh41/fire.wav: 91684 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/ppsh41/reload.wav: 11514 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/ppsh41/unload.wav: 6356 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/pps43/fire.wav: 89384 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/pps43/reload.wav: 7902 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/pps43/unload.wav: 16772 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/dpm/fire.wav: 12356 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/dpm/reload.wav: 6724 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/dpm/unload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/panzer/fire.wav: 92082 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/panzer/reload.wav: 16410 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/panzer/rockfly.wav: 36042 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/m9130s/fire.wav: 48150 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/m9130s/lastround.wav: 48150 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/m9130s/reload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/m9130s/unload.wav: 9200 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/victory.wav: 104918 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/world/amb10.wav: 234 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/tula.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/tula.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/tula.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/tula.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/tula.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/tula.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/tula.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/tula.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/tula.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/tula.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/tula.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/tula.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/tula.pcx: 43535 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/tula.cfg: 33 bytes
Execing cfg/tula.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/tula.txt: 0 bytes
