open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/thompson/unload.wav: 4822 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/fire.wav: 90498 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/reload.wav: 20378 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bar/unload.wav: 16492 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/fire.wav: 53996 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/reload.wav: 33436 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bhmg/unload.wav: 48514 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/fire.wav: 79350 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/reload.wav: 17436 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/bazooka/rockfly.wav: 82186 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/fire.wav: 73440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/lastround.wav: 158024 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/reload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/m1903/unload.wav: 7644 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/usa/victory.wav: 125886 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/medarena/medarena.wav: 3068308 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/00039ntg1.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/00039ntg1.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/00039ntg1.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/00039ntg1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/00039ntg1.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/00039ntg1.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/00039ntg1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/00039ntg1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/00039ntg1.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/00039ntg1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/00039ntg1.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/00039ntg1.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/00039ntg1.pcx: 1767 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/00039ntg1.cfg: 28 bytes
Execing cfg/00039ntg1.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/00039ntg1.txt: 0 bytes
Dumped console text to condumps/00039ntg1.txt.
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/zsonic.bsp: 733356 bytes
==== ShutdownGame ====
Loaded game library from ./dday/gamex86_64.so
WARNING: q2adminlog.txt could not be found
Q2Admin Version 1.17.44-tsmod-2
==== InitGame ====
------- Server Initialization -------
SpawnServer: zsonic
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/zsonic.ent: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/maps/zsonic.ent: No such file or directory
open_file_read: maps/zsonic.ent: No such file or directory
No .ent File for zsonic.bsp
Loading map objective pic dday/pics/objectives/zsonic.pcx...done.
0 entities inhibited
0 teams with 0 entities
server map: zsonic
zsonic.cmp Loaded
-------------------------------------
       : AI: Nodes Initialized.
       : loaded nodes:49.
       : added nodes:0.
       : total nodes:49.
       : loaded links:142.
       : added links:0.
       : added jump links:0.
-------------------------------------
Server restarted
Server disconnected, reconnecting
Requesting connection... 1
processing id commands
PowaBanga connected.
Connected to loopback (protocol 36).




Robotinik power plant gate
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WATGROUND.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/watground.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WATGROUND.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/watground.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/WATGROUND.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WATGROUND.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/watground.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WATGROUND.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/watground.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/WATGROUND.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WATGROUND.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/watground.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WATGROUND.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/watground.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/WATGROUND.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WATGROUND.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/SHILL.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/shill.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/SHILL.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/shill.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/SHILL.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/SHILL.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/shill.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/SHILL.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/shill.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/SHILL.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/SHILL.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/shill.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/SHILL.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/shill.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/SHILL.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/SHILL.wal: 5540 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WOOD.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/wood.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WOOD.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/wood.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/WOOD.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WOOD.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/wood.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WOOD.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/wood.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/WOOD.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WOOD.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/wood.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WOOD.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/wood.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/WOOD.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WOOD.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WMARBLE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/wmarble.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WMARBLE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/wmarble.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/WMARBLE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WMARBLE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/wmarble.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WMARBLE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/wmarble.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/WMARBLE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WMARBLE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/wmarble.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WMARBLE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/wmarble.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/WMARBLE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WMARBLE.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/HYDROBLOCK.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/hydroblock.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/HYDROBLOCK.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/hydroblock.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/HYDROBLOCK.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/HYDROBLOCK.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/hydroblock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/HYDROBLOCK.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/hydroblock.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/HYDROBLOCK.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/HYDROBLOCK.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/hydroblock.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/HYDROBLOCK.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/hydroblock.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/HYDROBLOCK.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/HYDROBLOCK.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WAT.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/wat.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WAT.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/wat.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/WAT.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WAT.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/wat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WAT.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/wat.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/WAT.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WAT.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/wat.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WAT.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/wat.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/WAT.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WAT.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/LAUNCHBASE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/launchbase.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/LAUNCHBASE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/launchbase.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/LAUNCHBASE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/LAUNCHBASE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/launchbase.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/LAUNCHBASE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/launchbase.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/LAUNCHBASE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/LAUNCHBASE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/launchbase.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/LAUNCHBASE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/launchbase.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/LAUNCHBASE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/LAUNCHBASE.wal: 780 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/SNCWALL.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/sncwall.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/SNCWALL.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/sncwall.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/SNCWALL.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/SNCWALL.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/sncwall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/SNCWALL.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/sncwall.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/SNCWALL.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/SNCWALL.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/sncwall.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/SNCWALL.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/sncwall.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/SNCWALL.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/SNCWALL.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/MARBLE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/marble.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/MARBLE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/marble.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/MARBLE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/MARBLE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/marble.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/MARBLE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/marble.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/MARBLE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/MARBLE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/marble.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/MARBLE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/marble.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/MARBLE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/MARBLE.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BTRY.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/btry.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BTRY.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/btry.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BTRY.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BTRY.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/btry.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BTRY.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/btry.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BTRY.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BTRY.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/btry.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BTRY.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/btry.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BTRY.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BTRY.wal: 8260 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BTTRY.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/bttry.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BTTRY.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/bttry.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BTTRY.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BTTRY.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/bttry.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BTTRY.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/bttry.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BTTRY.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BTTRY.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/bttry.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BTTRY.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/bttry.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BTTRY.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BTTRY.wal: 4180 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/MET.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/met.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/MET.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/met.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/MET.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/MET.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/met.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/MET.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/met.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/MET.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/MET.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/met.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/MET.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/met.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/MET.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/MET.wal: 16760 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/UPGRAMS.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/upgrams.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/UPGRAMS.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/upgrams.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/UPGRAMS.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/UPGRAMS.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/upgrams.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/UPGRAMS.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/upgrams.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/UPGRAMS.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/UPGRAMS.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/upgrams.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/UPGRAMS.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/upgrams.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/UPGRAMS.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/UPGRAMS.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/GREEN.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/green.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/GREEN.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/green.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/GREEN.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/GREEN.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/green.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/GREEN.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/green.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/GREEN.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/GREEN.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/green.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/GREEN.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/green.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/GREEN.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/GREEN.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/GRAMS.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/grams.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/GRAMS.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/grams.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/GRAMS.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/GRAMS.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/grams.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/GRAMS.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/grams.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/GRAMS.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/GRAMS.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/grams.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/GRAMS.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/grams.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/GRAMS.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/GRAMS.wal: 440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WOO.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/woo.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WOO.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/woo.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/WOO.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WOO.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/woo.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WOO.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/woo.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/WOO.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WOO.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/woo.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WOO.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/woo.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/WOO.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/WOO.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BROWN.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BROWN.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BROWN.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BROWN.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BROWN.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BROWN.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BROWN.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BROWN.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BROWN.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BROWN.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BROWN.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BROWN.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/METEGG.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/metegg.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/METEGG.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/metegg.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/METEGG.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/METEGG.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/metegg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/METEGG.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/metegg.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/METEGG.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/METEGG.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/metegg.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/METEGG.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/metegg.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/METEGG.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/METEGG.wal: 2820 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BANNER2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/banner2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BANNER2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/banner2.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BANNER2.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BANNER2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/banner2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BANNER2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/banner2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BANNER2.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BANNER2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/banner2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BANNER2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/banner2.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BANNER2.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BANNER2.wal: 102100 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/REDBANNER.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/redbanner.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/REDBANNER.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/redbanner.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/REDBANNER.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/REDBANNER.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/redbanner.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/REDBANNER.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/redbanner.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/REDBANNER.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/REDBANNER.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/redbanner.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/REDBANNER.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/redbanner.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/REDBANNER.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/REDBANNER.wal: 44300 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/HILL.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/hill.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/HILL.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/hill.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/HILL.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/HILL.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/hill.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/HILL.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/hill.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/HILL.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/HILL.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/hill.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/HILL.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/hill.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/HILL.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/HILL.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/STEEL.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/steel.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/STEEL.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/steel.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/STEEL.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/STEEL.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/steel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/STEEL.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/steel.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/STEEL.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/STEEL.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/steel.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/STEEL.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/steel.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/STEEL.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/STEEL.wal: 10980 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/LABY.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/laby.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/LABY.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/laby.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/LABY.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/LABY.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/laby.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/LABY.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/laby.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/LABY.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/LABY.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/laby.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/LABY.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/laby.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/LABY.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/LABY.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/PLAYPORN.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/playporn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/PLAYPORN.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/playporn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/PLAYPORN.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/PLAYPORN.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/playporn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/PLAYPORN.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/playporn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/PLAYPORN.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/PLAYPORN.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/playporn.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/PLAYPORN.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/playporn.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/PLAYPORN.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/PLAYPORN.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/playporn.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/PLAYPORN.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/playporn.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/PLAYPORN.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BROWN.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BROWN.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BROWN.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BROWN.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BROWN.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BROWN.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BROWN.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BROWN.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BROWN.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BROWN.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BROWN.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BROWN.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/brown.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BROWN.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/NAZIDEV.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/nazidev.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/NAZIDEV.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/nazidev.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/NAZIDEV.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/NAZIDEV.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/nazidev.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/NAZIDEV.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/nazidev.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/NAZIDEV.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/NAZIDEV.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/nazidev.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/NAZIDEV.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/nazidev.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/NAZIDEV.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/NAZIDEV.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/nazidev.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/NAZIDEV.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/nazidev.wal: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/NAZIDEV.wal: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BMARBLE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/bmarble.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BMARBLE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/bmarble.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BMARBLE.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BMARBLE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/bmarble.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BMARBLE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/bmarble.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BMARBLE.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BMARBLE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/bmarble.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BMARBLE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/sonic/bmarble.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: textures/SONIC/BMARBLE.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/textures/SONIC/BMARBLE.wal: 1460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/explode/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/monsters/parasite/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/ctf/segment/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: sprites/s_bfg2.sp2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/items/armor/effect/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/lightning/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/proj/beam/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/objects/r_explode2/tris.md2: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_tt33/tris.md2: 62280 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_tt33/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_tt33/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_tt33/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_tt33/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_tt33/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_tt33/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_tt33/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_tt33/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_tt33/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_tt33/skin.pcx: 32951 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_tt33/tris.md2: 140756 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_m9130/tris.md2: 13564 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_m9130s/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_m9130s/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_m9130s/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_m9130s/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_m9130s/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_m9130s/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_m9130s/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_m9130s/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_m9130s/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_m9130s/skin.pcx: 43745 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_m9130/tris.md2: 215112 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_ppsh41/tris.md2: 9376 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_ppsh41/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_ppsh41/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_ppsh41/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_ppsh41/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_ppsh41/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_ppsh41/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_ppsh41/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_ppsh41/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_ppsh41/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_ppsh41/skin.pcx: 40440 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_ppsh41/tris.md2: 172728 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_pps43/tris.md2: 11920 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_pps43/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_pps43/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_pps43/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_pps43/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_pps43/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_pps43/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_pps43/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_pps43/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_pps43/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_pps43/skin.pcx: 36846 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_pps43/tris.md2: 161460 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_dpm/tris.md2: 14964 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_dpm/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_dpm/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_dpm/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_dpm/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_dpm/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_dpm/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_dpm/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_dpm/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_dpm/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_dpm/skin.pcx: 33789 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_dpm/tris.md2: 201640 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_panzer/tris.md2: 9656 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_panzer/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_panzer/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_panzer/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_panzer/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_panzer/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_panzer/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_panzer/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_panzer/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_panzer/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_panzer/skin.pcx: 73347 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_panzer/tris.md2: 134800 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_m9130s/tris.md2: 17304 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_m9130s/tris.md2: 198568 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_grenade/tris.md2: 2920 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_grenade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_grenade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/g_grenade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_grenade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_grenade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/g_grenade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_grenade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_grenade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/g_grenade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/g_grenade/skin.pcx: 18354 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_grenade/tris.md2: 203844 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_grenade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_grenade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_grenade/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_grenade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_grenade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_grenade/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_grenade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_grenade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/rus/v_grenade/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/rus/v_grenade/skin.pcx: 45322 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/rus_drum2/tris.md2: 3124 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/rus_pph43/tris.md2: 2168 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/items/ammo/rus_drum1/tris.md2: 3552 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/g_molotov/tris.md2: 5512 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/skin.pcx: 69204 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/models/weapons/jpn/v_molotov/tris.md2: 94832 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/tris.md2: 1121536 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/w_tt33.md2: 190164 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/w_m9130.md2: 223180 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/w_ppsh41.md2: 201576 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/w_pps43.md2: 192452 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/w_dpm.md2: 283000 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/w_panzer.md2: 183760 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/w_m9130s.md2: 313564 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/a_f1grenade.md2: 56592 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/a_f1grenade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/a_f1grenade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/a_f1grenade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/a_f1grenade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/a_f1grenade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/a_f1grenade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/a_f1grenade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/a_f1grenade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/a_f1grenade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/a_f1grenade.pcx: 17530 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_tt33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_tt33.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_tt33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_tt33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_tt33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_tt33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_tt33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_tt33.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_tt33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_tt33.pcx: 1160 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m9130.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m9130.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_m9130.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m9130.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m9130.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_m9130.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m9130.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m9130.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_m9130.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m9130.pcx: 1373 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_ppsh41.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_ppsh41.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_ppsh41.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_ppsh41.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_ppsh41.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_ppsh41.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_ppsh41.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_ppsh41.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_ppsh41.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_ppsh41.pcx: 1483 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_pps43.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_pps43.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_pps43.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_pps43.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_pps43.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_pps43.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_pps43.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_pps43.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_pps43.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_pps43.pcx: 1404 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_dpm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_dpm.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_dpm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_dpm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_dpm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_dpm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_dpm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_dpm.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_dpm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_dpm.pcx: 1623 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m9130s.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m9130s.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_m9130s.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m9130s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m9130s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_m9130s.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m9130s.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_m9130s.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_m9130s.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/w_m9130s.pcx: 1419 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_f1grenade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_f1grenade.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_f1grenade.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_f1grenade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_f1grenade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_f1grenade.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_f1grenade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_f1grenade.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_f1grenade.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_f1grenade.pcx: 1194 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_tt33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_tt33.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_tt33.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_tt33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_tt33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_tt33.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_tt33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_tt33.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_tt33.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/a_tt33.pcx: 1111 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_m9130.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_m9130.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_m9130.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_m9130.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_m9130.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_m9130.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_m9130.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_m9130.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_m9130.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_m9130.pcx: 1185 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_ppsh41.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_ppsh41.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_ppsh41.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_ppsh41.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_ppsh41.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_ppsh41.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_ppsh41.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_ppsh41.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_ppsh41.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_ppsh41.pcx: 1374 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_pps43.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_pps43.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_pps43.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_pps43.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_pps43.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_pps43.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_pps43.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_pps43.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_pps43.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_pps43.pcx: 1047 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_dpm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_dpm.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_dpm.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_dpm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_dpm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_dpm.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_dpm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_dpm.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/a_dpm.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/a_dpm.pcx: 1367 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_molotov.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_molotov.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_molotov.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_molotov.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_molotov.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_molotov.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_molotov.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_molotov.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/w_molotov.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/w_molotov.pcx: 1503 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_rus.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_rus.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/scope_rus.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_rus.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_rus.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/scope_rus.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_rus.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/scope_rus.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/scope_rus.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak7.pak/pics/scope_rus.pcx: 4311 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_rus.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_rus.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/victory_rus.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_rus.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_rus.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/victory_rus.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_rus.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_rus.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/victory_rus.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/victory_rus.pcx: 6652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskyrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskyrt.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/blueskyrt.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskyrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskyrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/blueskyrt.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskyrt.tga: 196652 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskybk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskybk.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/blueskybk.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskybk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskybk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/blueskybk.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskybk.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskylf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskylf.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/blueskylf.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskylf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskylf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/blueskylf.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskylf.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskyft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskyft.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/blueskyft.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskyft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskyft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/blueskyft.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskyft.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskyup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskyup.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/blueskyup.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskyup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskyup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/blueskyup.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskyup.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskydn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskydn.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/blueskydn.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskydn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskydn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: env/blueskydn.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/env/blueskydn.tga: 196626 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/music/c.wav: 24860 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/tt33/fire.wav: 66072 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/tt33/reload.wav: 7044 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/tt33/unload.wav: 6724 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/m9130/fire.wav: 57008 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/m9130/lastround.wav: 57020 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/m9130/reload.wav: 37386 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/m9130/unload.wav: 40086 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/ppsh41/fire.wav: 91684 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/ppsh41/reload.wav: 11514 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/ppsh41/unload.wav: 6356 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/pps43/fire.wav: 89384 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/pps43/reload.wav: 7902 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/pps43/unload.wav: 16772 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/dpm/fire.wav: 12356 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/dpm/reload.wav: 6724 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/dpm/unload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/panzer/fire.wav: 92082 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/panzer/reload.wav: 16410 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/panzer/rockfly.wav: 36042 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/m9130s/fire.wav: 48150 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/m9130s/lastround.wav: 48150 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/m9130s/reload.wav: 18400 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/m9130s/unload.wav: 9200 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/victory.wav: 104918 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/zsonic.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/locs/zsonic.loc: No such file or directory
open_file_read: locs/zsonic.loc: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/zsonic.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/zsonic.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/zsonic.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/zsonic.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/zsonic.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/zsonic.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/zsonic.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/zsonic.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/objectives/zsonic.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/objectives/zsonic.pcx: 36589 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/teams/rus.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/teams/rus.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: pics/teams/rus.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/pics/teams/rus.pcx: 1406 bytes
Usage: connect <server> [34|35|36]
Molotov connected.
Adolf connected.
Molotov joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_officer.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_officer.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_officer.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_officer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_officer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_officer.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_officer.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_officer.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_officer.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/class_officer.pcx: 90879 bytes
open_from_pak: ./dday/pak3.pak/players/rus/weapon.md2: 15904 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_officer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_officer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_officer_i.png: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_officer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_officer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_officer_i.jpg: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_officer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_officer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_file_read: players/rus/class_officer_i.tga: No such file or directory
open_from_disk: ./dday/players/rus/class_officer_i.pcx: 1265 bytes
Adolf joined the game.
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/shout/attack1.wav: 31916 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/sound/rus/shout/move1.wav: 28356 bytes
open_from_disk: ./dday/cfg/zsonic.cfg: 27 bytes
Execing cfg/zsonic.cfg
open_file_write: ./dday/condumps/zsonic.txt: 0 bytes
